Mohamed AmeenSystem engineerBengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mohamed-Ameen/ba052bfa70e4c0b7I am looking for a job opportunity as a System Engineer that gives me professional growth andexcellence and enables me to contribute my efforts in the success of the organization.WORK EXPERIENCEIT Operations AnalystAccentureI am looking for a job as system engineer that gives me professional growth and excellence andenables me to contribute my efforts in the success of the organization.technical support engineerConvergys for Microsoft -November 2014 to November 2015Currently working with Accenture as a Subject Matter Expert for the Remote Technology Supportteam in IT Operations.EDUCATIONB.E in Electronics & CommunicationVisveswaraiah Technological University - Bengaluru, Karnataka2013Electronics ProjectAl-Ameen PU CollegeRajiv Gandhi Institute of TechnologySKILLSActive Directory (2 years), Microsoft office, Windows,End user computing (3 years)CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSESCCNACCNA certifiedhttps://www.indeed.com/r/Mohamed-Ameen/ba052bfa70e4c0b7?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INhttps://www.indeed.com/r/Mohamed-Ameen/ba052bfa70e4c0b7?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSkill set:Networking: Knowledge of OSI and TCP/IP architecture. Knowledge of Routing Protocols. Knowledge of Virtual Private Network and IPv6. Wireless LAN Installing, configuration & Troubleshooting of Operating System such as Windows client (XP,Vista, 7, 8x and 10) Installing, configuration & Troubleshooting Microsoft Office {2013, 2016, 365 pro plus (Outlookand Other Office Tools Such as Excel, word, Power Point) } Configuring and Troubleshooting Microsoft outlook in Blackberry, iPhone & iPad. Configuring Group Policies in Domain & Work Group Environment. Create, modify and Manage User Account in AD Server. Creating Folder groups in File Server and providing Network folder access. Configuring & Troubleshooting Wireless Network & LAN, WAN Network, Installing and Configuration of VPN clients. Workgroup and Domain level security policies. Migration and Up gradation of Server/Desktops. Installation and Troubleshooting of Symantec Endpoint Antivirus. Installation and Troubleshooting of Avecto Defend point client. Managing & Troubleshooting Printer, Scanner, Fax. Configuring Managing and Troubleshooting SCCM on End user machines. Perform 1st Level troubleshooting and/or escalate as appropriate issue to warranty Vendors. Maintain Inventory of all warranty / AMC assets for the current year. Maintain an Inventory of parts for emergency repairs. Coordinate with vendors and with company personnel to facilitate purchases. Working on Web Tickets Tools. Handling Escalation and Severity for Incidents.Operating System: Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 8.1 and Windows 10.Application: MS Office, Service Now, ITSM, LogMeIn Rescue

Mohini GuptaServer Support EngineerGurgaon, Haryana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mohini-Gupta/08b5b8e1acd8cf07Willing to relocate: AnywhereWORK EXPERIENCEServer Support EngineerMicrosoft -July 2015 to November 2017Key Responsibilities: Worked as Technical Support Engineer for Microsoft Enterprise Platforms Support. Worked in U.S., U.K., India & APAC time zones. Always available (24X7) for any explanation, support or information required by team, clientand managers. Configuring, deploying and troubleshooting SCCM with remote/local SQL. Perform Software distribution and ensure successful deployment on end assets. Patch management of servers and end user estate along with troubleshooting. Performed on checks through server, to perform server operations, check services, analyzedthe logs to check the communication from the new server to the primary server and vice versa,also checked server's communication with its client. Setting up new packages along with new collection. Collection of inventory i.e. hardware inventory and software inventory. Troubleshooting client connectivity and package installation issues by analysis of logs. Working on incidents logged by end users as a daily activity. Fixing operational issues and performing installation or un-installation of applications. Create new groups, add users and grant permissions. Good understanding of SCCM architecture, operations and management. Knowledge of Active Directory and networking required in SCCM environment. Deploying Operating System with SCCM.Server Support Engg.Convergys -July 2015 to November 2017Server Support Engg.EDUCATIONB.techhttps://www.indeed.com/r/Mohini-Gupta/08b5b8e1acd8cf07?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INKIIT college of Engg.SKILLSactive directory, iis, sccm, dhcp, sql, wsus, dnsADDITIONAL INFORMATIONComputer Skills MS Office Tools: MS Excel, MS Word, MS Power Point. Hands on experience on all versions of Windows. Sound knowledge of internet and networking. Coding Languages: C, C++, Java.Other Information Regular Swimmer. Interested in playing Table Tennis, Lawn Tennis. Professional Proficiency: English and HindiI hereby declare that all the above particulars are true to the best of my knowledge.PLACE: Gurgaon (MOHINI GUPTA)

Navas KoyaTest EngineerMangalore, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Navas-Koya/23c1e4e94779b465Willing to relocate to: Mangalore, Karnataka - Bangalore, Karnataka - Chennai, Tamil NaduWORK EXPERIENCESystem EngineerInfosys -August 2014 to Present.NET application Maintenance and do the code changes if requiredTest EngineerInfosys -June 2015 to February 2016PrProject 2:Title: RBS W&G Proving testing.Technology: Manual testingRole: Software Test EngineerDomain: BankingDescription:Write test cases & descriptions. Review the entries. Upload and map the documents intoHP QC. Execute the testing operations in TPROD mainframe. Upload the result in QC along withthe proof.Roles and Responsibilities:Prepared the Test ScenariosPrepared and Executed Test CasesPerformed functional, Regression testing, Sanity testing.Reviewed the Test Reports and Preparing Test Summary Report.Upload Test cases to the QC.Execute in TPROD Mainframe.Defect Track and Report.Test ExecutiveInfosys Limited -August 2014 to May 2015https://www.indeed.com/r/Navas-Koya/23c1e4e94779b465?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INProject 1:Title: CAWP (Compliance Automated Work Paper)Technology: Manual testingRole: Software Test ExecutiveDomain: BankingDescription:The Admin can create and maintain annual test plan, and users can only view and adddetails. Testers will get Business Requirement which explains the flows and Functionalrequirements which gives the full detail of the project.Roles and Responsibilities:Prepared the Test ScenariosPrepared and Executed Test CasesPerformed functional, Regression testing, Sanity testing.Reviewed the Test Reports and Preparing Test Summary Report.Defect Track and Report.EDUCATIONBachelor of Computer ApplicationsMangalore University, MangaloreJune 2011 to April 2014SKILLSC# (Less than 1 year), .NET, SQL Server, Css, Html5ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONBachelor of computer application: with 74% from Milagres College, Kallianpur underMangalore University, Karnataka.Navas Najeer Koya 2SKILL SET  ASP.NET, C#  QA tools Coding and modularization  Excellent communication skills VB, VB.net, ASP  Technical specifications creation HTML  System backups Sql server 2005, Oracle  System upgrades Java/C/C++  Excellent problem-solving abilitiesNavas Najeer Koya 3

Navjyot Singh RathoreUlhasnagar, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Navjyot-Singh-Rathore/ad92079f3f1a4cadWORK EXPERIENCEfresher jobAccenture - Ulhasnagar, MaharashtraFresherAny postEDUCATIONTYBMS in Management StudiesVedanta College of management and information technology - Mumbai, Maharashtra2015 to 2018H.S.CGuru Nanak English High School and Jr cllg2013 to 2015S.S.Cswami Vivekananda school2013SKILLSFresherADDITIONAL INFORMATION Can switch to any environment within a short span Dedication towards Hard work Willingness to learnSKILLS Basic Computers knowledge Good Understanding of Business Ethics, Operational Research. Completed Project Work on working capital with A+ Grade.https://www.indeed.com/r/Navjyot-Singh-Rathore/ad92079f3f1a4cad?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INhttps://www.indeed.com/r/Navjyot-Singh-Rathore/ad92079f3f1a4cad?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN

Nazish AlamConsultant - SAP ABAPGhaziabad, Uttar Pradesh - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Nazish-Alam/b06dbac9d6236221Willing to relocate to: Delhi, Delhi - Noida, Uttar Pradesh - Lucknow, Uttar PradeshWORK EXPERIENCEConsultantSAP ABAP - Noida, Uttar Pradesh -November 2016 to PresentCredence Systems, NoidaCredence Systems is IT Infrastructure Management Company, offers end-to-end solutions.Combining deep domain expertise with new technologies and a cost effective on-site/ offshoremodel. Helping companies integrate key business processes, improving their operationalefficiencies and extracting, better business value from their investment.PROJECT UNDERTAKENClient ECC Version Role and ResponsibilitiesWelspun Group Plate & Coil Mills DivisionSAP ECC 6.0ConsultantSAP ABAP -January 2016 to PresentReports: Designed technical program specifications based on business requirements. Generated basic lists and Interactive Reports for information in the MM/SD including Sales,Billing, Purchasing, Goods Received, Inspection Plan, and Batch Determination using ABAPprograms, Screen, Report Painter and Menu Painters. Used Parameters, Select-options and MatchCodes to make the reports more friendly and intuitive to the user. Generated different kind of reports like for PR (Purchase Requisition) analysis using ALV, PO(Purchase Order) Pricing details, Pending Export Sales order etc. Developed report for the daily production done.SAP Scripts: Generated various client specific Layout sets and form letters using SAP Script. Involved in modification of SAP scripts for Purchase orders (MEDRUCK) and indents, Deliverynotes (RVDELNOTE), and Invoices (RVINVOICE) according to customer needs. Modified existing layout sets for Purchase Order and GR using SAP Script.Data Migration:https://www.indeed.com/r/Nazish-Alam/b06dbac9d6236221?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INhttps://www.indeed.com/r/Nazish-Alam/b06dbac9d6236221?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN Implemented both Call Transaction and Session Method of BDC accordingly, depending uponthe size, type, state and created routines for data upload using data extracts for sequential fileson the application server and UPLOAD/WS_UPLOAD for local files on the presentation server. Wrote ABAP programs for extracting data from SAP tables (Vendor master, Purchase Orders,Invoices and remittance) to be transferred to vendors using non-SAP systems for reconciliationand their local use.Object Oriented: Created local and global classes with SE24 and within programs. Used the Standard ALV classes in OOPs ALV reports. Used ABSTRACT classes and Interfaces. Having knowledge and used the different object oriented concepts technically.SKILLSSAP (2 years), ABAP (2 years), ADBC (Less than 1 year), C++ (Less than 1 year), DATAMODELING (Less than 1 year)ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONOTHER TECHNICAL SKILLS Trained on SAP S4 HANA. Having knowledge of Code Push down, CDS view and it's consumption in ABAP. Data Modeling, creation of different type of views. AMDP. ADBC connectivity. Familiar with SQL, DDL, DML syntaxes. Work on Windows 7, Windows XP, Windows 8, Windows 10 OS, can work on C, C++ACADEMEIC CREDENTIALS2015 Master of Computer ApplicationUPTU. India

Nidhi PanditTest Engineer - Infosys Limited- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Nidhi-Pandit/b4b383dbe14789c5Overall around 4 years of work experience - Currently working with Infosys Limited designatedas TestEngineer. Experience in Automation and Manual Testing in telecom and banking domain.WORK EXPERIENCETest EngineerInfosys Limited -June 2016 to PresentProject Description:CBIL (Core Banking Integration Layer) is a crucial integration layer that is specifically addressingthe architectural complexity due to multiple core banking systems and variants at HSBC. It is astandard serviceinterface across different core banking systems to facilitate easy integration with other globalsystems.CBIL is a strategic initiative to standardize all interfaces with core banking without impacting theunderlyingcore banking system.Roles & Responsibilities: Understanding the functional requirements of the API. Involvement in Test Planning. Verifying the documents provided by the development team. Creating test data request document to test the service on the certified environment. Create and automate Test Cases. Preparing Stub to virtualize the API. Executing test cases in local and certified environments and validating the responses. Participation in Stand up Calls, Scrum Calls, Sprint Planning, Retrospective Meetings. Defect Management in JIRA. Involvement in Automation Scripting. Presenting completed APIs to the client. Experience in working under client environment, multi-vendor environment.Test EngineerInfosys Limited -February 2014 to PresentTest EngineerInfosys Limited -https://www.indeed.com/r/Nidhi-Pandit/b4b383dbe14789c5?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INJuly 2014 to January 2016Project Description:Order Management Fulfillment (OMFUL), which belongs to Telecommunication Domain, is aunifiedbusiness process management framework that orchestrates, automates and manages theservicefulfillment process, aligning people, processes and technology. This product caters the end to endfunctionality for telecom services in OSS space. Our role as a team was to ensure any Initiate/ChangeRequest towards the product is delivered successfully in time with no compromise in quality.Roles & Responsibilities: Understanding the client requirement Creating SQL scripts and deploying on the local environment (UNIX) Sanity testing on different environments Performing Manual Testing on OMFUL Application Creating and maintaining test cases as per the requirement Run and validate the test cases in the system which is integrated in a real production likeenvironment Creating manual stubs to complete the process fulfillment flow Defect Management Creating Show And Tell Related documents Participation in support team at the time of Production DeploymentEDUCATIONState Board2008EducationPassingBachelor in ElectronicsCentral India InstituteEngineeringTechnical UniversitySKILLSAPI. (1 year), Scripting. (1 year), SOAP (1 year), UI (1 year), XML (3 years)ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONKey Technical SkillsTechnical Experience: - Automation Testing (REST API, Service Virtualization), Functional Testing,Regression TestingManual Testing, Scripting (SQL)Domain Experience: - Telecom, BankingProgramming & Scripting Languages: - HTML, CSS, XML, SQL, JAVA (Basic), JSONSDLC Model: -Waterfall, AgileTesting Tools: - CA LISA, APM (Amdocs Process Manager), SOAP UI, TOSCA, HP-ALM (QC)Test Management Tools: -JIRA, Quality CenterOther Tools: -SQL Developer, TOAD.Database: - DB2, SQL

Nikhileshkumar IkharProduct development engineer with 7+ years of experience withM.Tech. in IT. Successfully developed & deployed, platform & behaviourdesign strategies in well-established corporations as well as emergingstartups.Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Nikhileshkumar-Ikhar/cb907948c3299ef4Willing to relocate to: Hyderabad, Telangana - Mumbai, MaharashtraWORK EXPERIENCEProduct DevelopmentAggrigator - Bengaluru, Karnataka -2015 to PresentAggrigator is Stanford incubated startup. It is an agriculture-based online marketplace in US B2Bmarket.First non-co-founding engineer to come on board reported directly to CTO.Developed Reverse Auction Engine. A farmer would bid for their SKU and engine would pickfarmer based on bidding and capacity.Developed Palletization engine. A pallet can have multiple SKU boxes from multiple buyers. Theengine generates a packing sequence of boxes in pallets in a truck container according to thedelivery route.Developed prototype to categorize SKU with Deep learning.Owned delivery of functionalities development, behavioural nudges, shaping of platform businessmodel, aligning of product development to business.Architected, designed & deployed websites, database, UI/UX to facilitate farm fresh produceprocurement & delivery to end consumers. Owned and developed various features like, Inventory management plays a big role in optimizing cold storage, warehouse and truckingrequirement. It helped in reducing crop wastage.Invoicing of sold crops and tracking payments.Order tracking for buyer and seller.Fetching USDA price list daily via a web crawler.Generating various reports in online, CSV and PDF format.Worked with technologies like Python, Django, Celery, MySQL, MongoDB, Ubuntu, NeuralNetwork.First, six months employer was Above Solutions.Software EngineerCisco - Bengaluru, Karnataka -2012 to 2015Owned and developed several products to help network migration, upgradation, tracking bugs,trackinghttps://www.indeed.com/r/Nikhileshkumar-Ikhar/cb907948c3299ef4?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INhttps://www.indeed.com/r/Nikhileshkumar-Ikhar/cb907948c3299ef4?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INvulnerabilities. Presented several proofs of concept for new business requirement. Worked on various technologies such as Python, Java, Django, Celery, Cisco routers, SDN,OnePk & Hadoop.Worked on network migration during internCisco -January 2012 to June 2012System EngineerInfosys - Pune, Maharashtra -2008 to 2010Worked as an SAP Basis consultant. Organised various in house events.EDUCATIONM.Tech. in IT in VIT, PuneIIIT - Bengaluru, Karnataka2010 to 2012SKILLSDjango (6 years), Java (3 years), MongoDB (3 years), MySQL (3 years), Python (6 years)LINKShttp://github.com/nik-hilhttp://linkedin.com/in/nikharADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSkillsPython, Django, Celery, Java, AngularJS, HTML, Bootstrap 3, Shell Script, MySQL, MongoDB,UbuntuBusiness SkillsPlatform business model, Behaviour designhttp://github.com/nik-hilhttp://linkedin.com/in/nikhar

Nitin TrPeopleSoft ConsultantBangalore Urban, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Nitin-Tr/e7e3a2f5b4c1e24eAn e-commerce website I built as my college project. The website contains all the basic elementsof an e-commerce website which areThe landing page, categorization of items based on filters, basic session level security, productpage, Cart, share button, empty cart button, paginations etc.It consists of a separate seller accounts where sellers can register and later upload their productsto be sold, which can later be edited or deleted.It consists of an admin panel where all the products listed can be viewed and edited by themoderator.60 days auto delete feature, which deletes the product listing 60 days from the date of uploadif seller has not modified the listing upon the next login.Usage of Modals for registration and Login which reduces the number of pages to navigate.Languages used: PHP, MySQL, Html, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript and jQuery.WORK EXPERIENCEPeopleSoft consultantOracle -September 2017 to PresentPerforming customisations, enhancements and bug fixes for front end and backend inpeople codeusing appdesigner.PeopleSoft ConsultantOracle India Ltd -September 2017 to April 2018 Develop customizations to meet business process requirements using application designer. Involved in modification enhancement and bug-fixing of the PeopleSoft application both front-end and back-end to suit business needs. Communicate with the business and get clear requirements if adequate information is notavailable and also follow-up with them until final resolution is obtained. Release Enhancements for UAT and communicate with business to migrate into production.https://www.indeed.com/r/Nitin-Tr/e7e3a2f5b4c1e24e?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN Also have to work on service requests, Incident Creation, Incident Assignment additionally andconstantly involved in querying the database and running reports.Freelance DevelopmentI am a passionate Web Developer and love to build clean, smooth and responsive websites. Ihave built many websites for individuals on freelance or per-project basis which are Responsive innature. I am capable of building clean and responsive websites. They include personal portfoliosand Small business websites. http://www.pramodprakash.com/shop: Responsive and Dynamic e-commerce portal. http://www.pramodprakash.com/tickItBusDemoUrl: A bus booking platform, source:Kathmandu, Destination: Pokhra. http://www.pramodprakash.com/geisle/index.php: A small business website focused onanimations (under construction) also check (geisle/index2.php) http://pramodprakash.com/fulllogin: complete login module with email account activation andpassword reset. http://pramodprakash.com/sec: A small business website, built to showcase color combinationsand layout. http://pramodprakash.com/r&d: A small business website built in parallax format. Completelyresponsive. http://pramodprakash.com/web1: A template built according to given specifications and alsosmall map feature included which also supports location search.EDUCATIONBtech information science in BCETVtu - Bengaluru, Karnataka2017Vijaya composite p.u. collegee-commerceVijaya High SchoolSKILLSPhp, Html5, Javascript, Css, Bootstrap, Jquery, SqlLINKShttps://www.linkedin.com/in/nitin-tr-588105129ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSoftware Skillshttps://www.linkedin.com/in/nitin-tr-588105129 Programming Language: core java, peoplecode. Scripting languages: PHP, JavaScript. Web Languages: HTML, CSS. Database Language: Sql. Frameworks: Bootstrap, JQuery. IDE's: NetBeans, Eclipse. Tools: Application Designer, Toad.Personal Skills Excellent Communication Skills both Written and verbal. Honest, trustworthy and highly motivated team player and Strong Negotiator. Supportive and creative. Quick Learner and Flexible. Good Analytical Ability and Logical Reasoning. Good listening skills.

Pradeeba VLEAD ENGINEER - CISCO- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Pradeeba-V/19ff20f4b8552375WORK EXPERIENCELEAD ENGINEERCISCO -June 2014 to PresentPROJECT SPECIFIC SKILLS JAVASCRIPT, OOJS, HTML5, CSS3, REST, DOJO,Angular JSTOOLS USED SVN, Code CollaboratorDescription:Cisco Prime Infrastructure simplifies the management of wireless and wired networks. The PrimeUIoffers Prime Widget Toolkit (XWT) which provides dojo widgets. The UI supports HTML 5 features.ThePrime UI offers rich UI experience which includes consistency, better look and feel and scalabledesigns to handle large volume of data.Responsibilities: Creating Widgets in dojo Enhancement of existing widget Handling REST calls Writing Test cases Unit Testing2. Project Title FINUXINDUSTRY FINACLE - BANKINGSENIOR SYSTEMS ENGINEER-June 2012 to June 2014PROJECT SPECIFIC SKILLS JAVASCRIPT, DOJO, CSS, HTMLDescription:Finacle is a core banking software package. It is used by multiple banks across several countries,it canhandle multi-currency transactions.https://www.indeed.com/r/Pradeeba-V/19ff20f4b8552375?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INTo achieve the common look and feel for all the screens where the interaction done with theuser in the form of getting input values as well as retrieval of some kind of data and display ofsuch data.I was totally involved in developing the Datagrid UI component in DOJO to display the searchresults which are obtained as a result of inquiring the transactions.Responsibilities: Front end enhancements for the Core product. Discussing and finalizing the end UI screens with Functional and Design teams. Writing front end and back end validation routines. Regression testing for menus using Service Testing Framework.3. Project Title FINACLEINDUSTRY BANKINGCLIENT Universal Banking Product from INFOSYSSYSTEMS ENGINEER-October 2011 to May 2012PROJECT SPECIFIC SKILLS JAVASCRIPT, DOJO, CSS, HTMLDescription:Finacle is a core banking software package. It is used by multiple banks across several countries,it canhandle multi-currency transactions.Being a part of Finacle team, I had involved in making the front end enhancement for Coreproduct.Responsibilities: Front end enhancements for the Core product. Bug FixingEDUCATIONB.TechInstitute of Road and Transport MayOctober 1980ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTECHNICAL SKILLSProgramming Languages: Core JavaScripting languages: JavaScript, OOJSDatabases: OracleOperating systems: Windows (7, XP) and UNIXTools & Utilities: Eclipse, SSH, WinSCP, Code Collaborator, SVNWeb Designing Tools: HTML 4, HTML 5, CSS 3, DOJO, Angular JSWeb Service: REST Web services

Prakriti ShauryaSenior System Engineer - Infosys LimitedMangalore, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Prakriti-Shaurya/5339383f9294887eDetail-oriented individual with three years of experience as an IT Consultant lookingfor opportunity to develop my professional skills in a vibrant and stable environment,and to use those skills for the benefits of the organization in best possible way.Willing to relocate to: Bengaluru, Karnataka - Bangalore Urban, KarnatakaWORK EXPERIENCESenior System EngineerInfosys Limited - Mangalore, Karnataka -January 2017 to PresentWorking as an IT Consultant under application maintenance and support for METLIFE Insurancecompany.System EngineerInfosys Limited - Mangalore, Karnataka -December 2014 to December 2016Worked as an IT Consultant under application maintenance and support for METLIFE Insurancecompany.SOFTWAREEDUCATIONBachelor of Technology in Information TechnologyVellore Institute of Technology - Vellore, Tamil Nadu2010 to 2014C.B.S.E.Notre Dame Academy - Patna, Bihar2007 to 2009SKILLSJava, Jsp, Html, Sql, C++, Javascripthttps://www.indeed.com/r/Prakriti-Shaurya/5339383f9294887e?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INhttps://www.indeed.com/r/Prakriti-Shaurya/5339383f9294887e?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSKILLS Good communication - written and oral skills Excellent conceptual and analytical skills Effective interpersonal skillsPERSONALITY Communicative  Punctuality Creativity  Organized

PRASHANTH BADALADevops Engineer ,Cloud Engineer -OracleHyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/PRASHANTH-BADALA/bf4c4b7253a8ece7 Hands on experience in end-end process of Build Management, Release Management andConfiguration Management. Hands on experience on supporting configuration management tools on both physical and cloudenvironment Involved in setting up Jenkins in Distributed Environments with Master and Slave Working experience on Subversion (SVN) administration and basic usage Creating Branches, tags and providing SVN user access to all developers in the organization Managing application server instances running on AWS Involved in configuring EC2 instances along with Auto scale up options. Involved in configuration Management using CHEF and automated the complete platformsetup. Good knowledge on Cookbooks, Chef Kitchen, Burks file and Metadata. Involved in automating the release using UDeploy and deploying the application to differentenvironments. Involved in container setup with Docker. Having good understanding of creating and runningDocker images. Involved in writing Applications, Componenets, Resources and component process flow. Configured Jenkins as contionus integration tool for regular source code builds. Experience in setting up branching strategies, merging and taking regular backups of the sourcecode on SVN server Helping the Developers in SVN related issues Written the integrated build automation scripts using Ant Perform the QA & Stress and UAT builds and deployed the binaries on respective environmentservers Monitoring the deployment in all the servers Supported setting up of various environments in multi-tier architecture involving load balancers,Apache webservers, Oracle database, Developed custom scripts to automate the build and release process. Implemented a custom authentication with WebLogic for user authentication, authorization andpassword policy Monitoring environment using monitoring tools like Wily monitoring tool and custom shell script. Involved in integrating WebLogic with Wily introscope. Involved in resolving tickets with different SLAs like SEV1, SEV2, SEV3 and SEV4. Involved in change management process like opening change records using changemanagement tools like INFRA, Managenow. Providing on call, weekend and deployment support. Involved in applying security patches using WebLogic Utility. Deploying applications using different deployment strategies like Stage, No Stage and Externalstage.Work Experience: Working as Configuration Engineer in Oracle, Hyderabad from July 2015 to till date.https://www.indeed.com/r/PRASHANTH-BADALA/bf4c4b7253a8ece7?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INhttps://www.indeed.com/r/PRASHANTH-BADALA/bf4c4b7253a8ece7?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INTechnical Skills:Version Control Tools Subversion(SVN),GITWeb/AppserversContinuous Integration ToolsWebLogic 11g, Apache HTTP Server 2.4Jenkins 1.6, HudsonBuild Tools Maven 3Scripting Languages Shell Scripting and PythonOperating Systems Windows servers […] Windows XP/7, Red Hat LINUX 5DatabaseOracle 11gRelease ToolsUDeploy,JenkinsCloudAWSConfiguration ToolsCHEFEducation Qualification:B.Tech From Annamacharya Institute of Technology, JNTU Hyderabad - 2015 Project DetailsTitle: E-Banking solutions Client : Union Bank of Canada, Canada Role : Configuration Engineer Environment : Maven, Jenkins, CHEF, UDeploy, SVN, Linux, Weblogic,Aws Duration : Nov 2016 to till dateProject Description:This is a banking project and basic objective of this project is to deal with the loans. Thisapplication is based on Java technology. For this we have to schedule the tasks and have to collectcode from development team and have to build and deploy the code later have to support therelease management team of which executing Java applications build and deployments in Dev,QA, performance and production environments.. .Responsibilities: Involved in automation of Configuration Management using CHEF and automated multipleenvironments like Prod and Non Prod. Involved in configuring AWS Environment to deploy applications. Involved in Release Management and automated the overall release process using Urban CodeDeployments (UDeploy) For on boarding existing application, performing knowledge transition from development teamto SCM team on build and deployment process. For new applications, work with development to get the requirements of application build anddeployment process. Creating War/Ear files using Ant Script Creating Jenkins/Hudson jobs. Monitor and track requests in Subversion. Monitor and fix the continuous integration builds running in Jenkins. Troubleshooting the compilation errors and provide the technical support to the developersteam on that issue. Installation, configuring, administration of Web Logic 9.x, 10.x on Linux environment. Supporting Builds for Multiple environments like Dev, QA, Staging, Perf and Production. Performing Manual and Automation Builds using Maven and Jenkins. Troubleshooting the middle ware issues and resolving the P2,P3 tickets with in SLA Provided on call support on 24/7 basis Involved in creation and configuration of Domains, JVM instances in production, QA and UATenvironments. Configured clusters to provide fail over, load balancing and deployed applications on clusters. Installed, configured and administration to Web logic 10.x, JDBC Data source and Connectionpool configuration with Oracle. Web Logic Administration, Monitoring and Troubleshooting usingAdmin Console. Have excellent experience in Client Interaction Provided on call support for production tickets on 24/7 basis. Deployment of web and enterprise applications and their updates in dev, production, pre-production using Admin console. Creating branches & merging using Subversion. Performing deployments to multiple environments like Dev, QA, Field, Perf, UAT & Productionenvs Troubleshooting application related issues by log verification. Writing a UNIX Shell Script and schedule in the respective run levels for automate day-to-dayactivities such as auto start application server. Automate code deployments by using ANT and Jenkins.Sprint Value Added ServicesClient : Sprint, U.S Role : Build and Release EngineerEnvironment: Maven, Jenkins, SVN, Linux, Weblogic, Apache,AWS,DockerDuration : Dec 2015 to Oct 2016Project Description:This is a Value Added Services provided by Sprint. This application is based on Java technology.For this we have to schedule the tasks and have to collect code from development team andhave to build and deploy the code later have to support the release management team of whichexecuting Java applications build and deployments in Dev, QA, performance and productionenvironments.Responsibilities: For on boarding existing application, performing knowledge transition from development teamto SCM team on build and deployment process. For new applications, work with development to get the requirements of application build anddeployment process. Installing and configuring Subversion (SVN) and Jenkins. Providing support to Subversion (SVN) related issues. Developing and maintaining build files by using Ant script. Integrate Unit Testing in Ant builds Installation, configuring, administration of Web Logic 9.x, 10.x on Linux environment. Supporting Builds for Multiple environments like Dev, QA, Staging, Perf and Production. Performing Manual and Automation Builds using Maven and Jenkins. Troubleshooting the middle ware issues and resolving the P2,P3 tickets with in SLA Provided on call support on 24/7 basis Involved in creation and configuration of Domains, JVM instances in production, QA and UATenvironments. Configured clusters to provide fail over, load balancing and deployed applications on clusters. Installed, configured and administration to Web logic 10.x, JDBC Data source and Connectionpool configuration with Oracle. Web Logic Administration, Monitoring and Troubleshooting usingAdmin Console. Have excellent experience in Client Interaction Provided on call support for production tickets on 24/7 basis. Deployment of web and enterprise applications and their updates in dev, production, pre-production using Admin console. Building the source code using Jenkins. Helped developers in resolving SVN issues and concerns. Responsible for weekly and daily work checks and backups. Environment: WebLogic Application Server 10.3, JDK1.6, Oracle, Apache Webserver, Linux,JIRA,Infra,SSH,TOADKOhls Retail ServicesClient : Kohls, USRole : Build and Release Engineer. Environment: Maven, Jenkins, SVN, Linux, WebLogic, ApacheDuration : July 2015 to Nov 2015Project Description:This application is based on Java technology. For this we have to schedule the tasks and have tocollect code from development team and have to build and deploy the code later have to supportthe release management team of which executing Java applications build and deployments inDev, QA, performance and production environments.Responsibilities:  Developing and maintaining build files by using Ant script. Integrate Unit Testing in Ant builds Installation, configuring, administration of Web Logic 9.x, 10.x on Linux environment. Supporting Builds for Multiple environments like Dev, QA, Staging, Perf and Production. Supporting Builds for Multiple environments like Dev, QA, Staging, Perf and Production. Performing Manual and Automation Builds using Maven and Jenkins. Deploying WAR, EAR applications on various targeted servers in the clustered environments. Web Logic Administration, Monitoring and Troubleshooting using Admin Console. Analyzing log files and periodic removal of them Creating branches & merging using Subversion. Performing deployments to multiple environments like Dev, QA, Field, Perf, UAT & Productionenvs Troubleshooting application related issues by log verification. Writing a UNIX Shell Script and schedule in the respective run levels for automate day-to-dayactivities such as auto start application server. Automate code deployments by using ANT and Jenkins. Involved in changing heap parameters like –Xms, -Xmx, -XnoOpt,-XnoHup etc. Perform daily environment health-check Good in taking the thread dumps and finding the root cause analysis. Created and configured web logic server instances, clusters in domain environment. Installed web logic on production boxes in console mode. Strong experience in administrating by using Admin console.Environment: WebLogic Application Server 9.2, Java, Oracle, Apache Webserver, Linux, JIRA,Managenow, Putty, TOADWilling to relocate to: Hyderabad, Telangana - Bangalore Urban, Karnataka - Chennai, Tamil NaduWORK EXPERIENCEConfiguration EngineerOracle - Hyderabad, Telangana -July 2015 to Present Hands on experience in end-end process of Build Management, Release Management andConfiguration Management. Hands on experience on supporting configuration management tools on both physical and cloudenvironment Involved in setting up Jenkins in Distributed Environments with Master and Slave Working experience on Subversion(SVN) administration and basic usage Creating Branches, tags and providing SVN user access to all developers in the organization Managing application server instances running on AWS Involved in configuring EC2 instances along with Auto scale up options. Involved in configuration Management using CHEF and automated the complete platformsetup. Good knowledge on Cookbooks, Chef Kitchen, Burks file and Metadata. Involved in automating the release using UDeploy and deploying the application to differentenvironments. Involved in container setup with Docker. Having good understanding of creating and runningDocker images. Involved in writing Applications, Componenets, Resources and component process flow. Configured Jenkins as contionus integration tool for regular source code builds. Experience in setting up branching strategies, merging and taking regular backups of the sourcecode on SVN server Helping the Developers in SVN related issues Written the integrated build automation scripts using Ant Perform the QA & Stress and UAT builds and deployed the binaries on respective environmentservers Monitoring the deployment in all the servers Supported setting up of various environments in multi-tier architecture involving load balancers,Apache webservers, Oracle database,  Developed custom scripts to automate the build and release process. Implemented a custom authentication with WebLogic for user authentication, authorization andpassword policy Monitoring environment using monitoring tools like Wily monitoring tool and custom shell script. Involved in integrating WebLogic with Wily introscope. Involved in resolving tickets with different SLAs like SEV1, SEV2, SEV3 and SEV4. Involved in change management process like opening change records using changemanagement tools like INFRA, Managenow. Providing on call, weekend and deployment support. Involved in applying security patches using WebLogic Utility. Deploying applications using different deployment strategies like Stage, No Stage and Externalstage.Configuration EngineerOracleDevopsEDUCATIONB.TECH/B.EAnnamacharya Institute of Technology, JNTU, Hyderabad - Hyderabad, Telangana2015SKILLSAWS (1 year), CHEF (1 year), Linux (2 years), git, svn, maven, devops, jenkins, Docker,weblogicADDITIONAL INFORMATIONOperating Systems Windows servers […] Windows XP/7, Red Hat LINUX 5Database Oracle 11gRelease Tools UDeploy, JenkinsCloud AWSConfiguration Tools CHEF

Pratibha PPrincipal Consultant at OracleBengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Pratibha-P/b4c1202741d63c6cOver 14 years of experience in estimation, design, development, implementation, testing andenhancement of various Oracle applications. Currently working as Principal Consultant (OracleApplications) with the consulting group Global Service Delivery (GSD) of Oracle India Pvt Ltd,Bangalore. Possesses excellent communication, extensive functional and technical experience inimplementing Oracle E-business Suite applications.Worked on various modules like AR, AP, GL, FA, OLFM, HRMS and PO. Has gained proficiency inOracle 9i/10g, SQL, PL/SQL, Discoverer 10g, Oracle reports 6i/10g, BI Publisher reports, OEM (Fordata masking), Methodologies (Oracle AIM, OUM) & Migration Tool (Kintana)Willing to relocate to: Bangalore City, KarnatakaWORK EXPERIENCEPrincipal ConsultantOracle -July 2012 to PresentOver 14 years of experience in estimation, design, development, implementation, testing andenhancement of various Oracle applications. Currently working as Principal Consultant (OracleApplications) with the consulting group Global Service Delivery (GSD) of Oracle India Pvt Ltd,Bangalore. Possesses excellent communication, extensive functional and technical experience inimplementing Oracle E-business Suite applications.Worked on various modules like AR, AP, GL, FA, OLFM, HRMS and PO. Has gained proficiency inOracle 9i/10g, SQL, PL/SQL, Discoverer 10g, Oracle reports 6i/10g, BI Publisher reports, OEM(Fordata masking),Methodologies(Oracle AIM,OUM)& Migration Tool(Kintana)Senor ConsultantOracle -2011 to July 2011Staff ConsultantCaterpillar -December 2005 to December 2007Duration/Size: 4 months/10Associate ConsultantCaterpillar -October 2004 to December 2005https://www.indeed.com/r/Pratibha-P/b4c1202741d63c6c?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INDuration/Size: 4 months/10Associate ConsultantVault Consulting -October 2003 to October 2004Project Name: AMATClient: Applied MaterialsDuration/Size: 1 months/3Organization: OracleEnvironment: Oracle Applications (11i)Responsibilities: AMAT was an implementation project. I was involved in developing complexDiscoverer reports which fully meets the objectives for forecasting the history and exceptiondetails of AMAT's buyers/Suppliers with capability to review FGI (Finished Goods Inventory), LLI(Linked Level Inventory) detailsProject Name: Dollar GeneralClient: Dollar GeneralDuration/Size: 2 months/3Organization: OracleEnvironment: Data WarehousingResponsibilities: Dollar General was an implementation project. I was involved in developingDiscoverer reports.Project Name: EmersonClient: Emerson Process ManagementDuration/Size: 2 months/3Organization: OracleEnvironment: Data WarehousingResponsibilities: Dollar General was an implementation project. I was involved in developingDiscoverer report for each division-country, division-world area and total division (single reports) .The divisions were also compared against each other (comparison reports)EDUCATIONB.EVisvesvaraya Technological University2017Bachelor of Engineering in EngineeringDayanand Sagar College of Engineering Bangalore (Visvesvaraya Technological University) -Sagar, KarnatakaSKILLSExtension, PLSQL, BI Publisher Reports, Oracle Reports, AP, HRMS, GL, Conversion, Oracle Appstechnical, Interface, AR, TOAD, OLFM, SQL, FAADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSoftware Skills:ERP-Oracle Applications 11i, R12Accounts Receivable, Accounts Payable, Fixed Assets, General Ledger, Oracle Lease and FinanceManagement, Purchasing and HRMS (Employee, Assignment, Contacts, Pay methods, Job andLocation)RDBMS Oracle […]LANGUAGES C++TOOLS Toad, SQL Developer, Kintana, Report Builder 6i/10g, Discoverer Admin/Desktop/Plus/Viewer and BI Publisher

Prem KoshtiOfficer-HR & Administration in H.& R. Johnson (India) - SAP - RDewas, Madhya Pradesh - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Prem-Koshti/a1fec9e7289496f0 To acquire a key Position in Human Resource Management / SAP field by continuously improvingknowledge and skills. Very strong logical, analytical skills with vast experience in MS-EXCEL. Very energetic, hardworking and highly self-motivated team player with strong problem solvingskills and very good communication and leadership skills. Very flexible.Projects:-Project Name: SAP HR, Employee AdministrationClient: H.& R. Johnson (India) [A Division of Prism Cement Limited], DEWAS (M.P.)WORK EXPERIENCEOfficer-HR & Administration in H.& R. Johnson (India)SAP - R - Dewas, Madhya Pradesh -July 2002 to Present- SAP - R/3, 06 years' experience in SAP HR-Functional ModuleCurrent Employer:Presently working as Officer-HR & Administration in H.& R. Johnson (India), [A Division of PrismCement Limited], DEWAS (M.P.) from 30.07.2002 to till date.EDUCATIONB.Com. in Dr. Harisingh Gour V.VPolytechnic College Damoh - Sagar, Madhya Pradesh1990SKILLSHR (10+ years), SAP (10+ years), APPRAISAL (Less than 1 year), BUYING/PROCUREMENT (Lessthan 1 year), DATABASE (Less than 1 year)ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTechnical skills: SAP HR Module.Description:-Maintaining electronic punching system, Daily Production MIS Report, Monthly Manpowerreport. I.F. Annual Returns, Form-5 Holiday wages. Employee's gratuity policy updation.Maintaining all record's & document related to personal / HR department, Employees databank. Employees leave, attendance, c-off, absenteeism statement. Payroll Preparation, Bonus,https://www.indeed.com/r/Prem-Koshti/a1fec9e7289496f0?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INOvertime, Attendance Incentive, Production Incentive, Arrear Wages, Wage slip, Full & FinalSettlement, No Dues Certificate, Issue of certificate if any, ID / Punching card, Birth day card etc.Roles and responsibilities: Personal & HR Functions: Performance Appraisal / Increments preparation co-ordination. Computerized Time Office Management, HR Policy. Handle Payroll on SAP & responsible for smooth functioning of payroll cycle. Maintain employee data on SAP and updates them as and when required Reconciling statutory reports i.e. PF, ESIC, and coordinating with Finance Team for timelypayment. Production & manpower MIS data in MS-Excel daily, Monthly & Yearly basis. Performing of Exit Formalities and processing Full and Final Settlement for exit cases. Maintain Attendance record in Electronic Punching Machine. Joining Formalities (Pre & Post recruitment activities)General AdministrationOffice stationery, Telephones, Fax, Computers, Reception, Purchasing First Aid, mineral water,biscuits etcTechnical ExpertiseFront End ToolLanguagesSAP Technologies HR and Administration Functional ModuleDatabase FOXPRO 6.22Concepts OOP'S, Networking, DBMS, Operating System.Operating System MS-Dos […] & MS OFFICE 2007, 2008 & 2010TRAININGIG PROGRAMME & CONFERENCE ATTENDED: First Aid Procedure conducted by St. John Ambulance Association. Fire Fighting by Usha Fire Safety. Interpersonal Skills, Communication, Motivational related various Training programmesorganize. SAP - HR Module conducted by Covansys, Mumbai. Internal Auditors Training Program on Environmental & Occupational Health & SafetyManagement System

Pulkit SaxenaNew Delhi, Delhi - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Pulkit-Saxena/ad3f35bfe88a0410I have a high degree of technical competence, a strong learning aptitude and an excellentwork ethic. I am a technical expert in a number of network areas, in particular connectivity,performance, scalability and security. As an articulate communicator, I have ability to influencepeople at every level by ensuring that issues are discussed, conflicts are resolved and the bestsolutions are delivered. In my current role I work with the rest of the team to ensure the successfuldelivery and operation of all supported services. Right now, I would like to join a growing companythat wants to recruit proven and experienced IT people.Willing to relocate: AnywhereWORK EXPERIENCECisco - Samba, Jammu and Kashmir -2000 to 2000Ample knowledge in Windows 98 \ Me \ Xp \ 2000 \ Server 2003 \Server 2008 \Server2008r2\Server 2012 Active directory management, NTFS security, disk quota management Good understanding of OSI Model, TCP/IP protocol suite (IP, ARP, ICMP, TCP, UDP, RARP, FTP,TFTP) Ample understanding of Bridging and switching concepts and LAN technologies IP addressing and subnetting, Routing concepts Sound knowledge of routing protocols - RIP V1/V2, OSPF, IGRP & EIGRP Switches: Basic Configuration & VLAN setup on Cisco 1900, 2950, 2960 Switches &Troubleshooting. Router: Basic Configuration & monitoring of Cisco 2500, 2600, 1800 Vlan: configuration, switching isl, dotlq Cisco Firewall 5500 Series: Configuration and policies Setup and Troubleshooting. Back-up and restore of all critical resources including router & switches IOS, Outlook, DHCP,DNS. Functioning knowledge of wan solution, protocol HDLC, PPP Working knowledge of, DHCP Server, DNS Server, ADDS, Proxy Server on Linux and CompleteKnowledge on Windows Security administration port security on switch and IP security on Router via Access list Familiar with web technology HTML CSS Setting up Secure NFS Servers with multiple Clients for File and Disk sharing. Setting up SAMBA servers, to enable Windows clients to communicate with Linux without theneed of additional software on the Windows side. Configuring NIS Servers for Centralized and secure Password and Login Management Linux user management creating, changing group, and assign permission on resources Recover of root password securing terminalsHardware Computer assembling and maintenance. Troubleshooting hardware and software problems. Installing and configuring the peripherals, components and drivers.https://www.indeed.com/r/Pulkit-Saxena/ad3f35bfe88a0410?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN Installing software and application to user standards.EDUCATIONMCL in Computer ApplicationIGNOUBACHELOR'S IN SCIENCE in COMPUTER NETWORKINGKarnataka State UniversityComputer NetworkingAptech Institute of TechnologyComputingAptech Institute of TechnologySKILLSFirewall (1 year), HTML (1 year), MICROSOFT WINDOWS (1 year), Router (1 year), security. (1year)ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSKILLS A computer expert with hardware and software grab. Administration and Back-end handling (Technical) on overall basis of the Branch. Convincing people tactfully so as to make the company an option for the user.AREAS OF EXPERTISE Server administration Technical documentation Network security Network management Data backups Disaster recovery Cisco Router Cisco Switch Network management Switching Routers Firewalls Firewall principles Remote AccessPROFESSIONAL ACESE RIM MICROSOFT CertifiedADDITIONAL SKILLS ADVANCED MS OFFICE (WORD, POWERPOINT, EXCEL, ETC.) ADOBE PHOTOSHOP, READER X, ACROBAT, COREL DRAW, MICROMEDIA FLASH ETC. JAVA NETBEANS, SQL, HTML, CMD PROMPT, ETC. FAMILIAR WITH ALL SORTS OF WINDOW SETS AND WEB BROWSERS. ALL KINDS OF UTILITY SOFTWARES AND HARDWARE OPTIONS TO INCREASE EFFICIENCY ANDEFFECTIVENESS IN WORKING. COMPLETE KNOWLEDGE OF MICROSOFT EXCHANGE SERVER 2012. CAN DEVELOP WEBSITES BASED ON HTML, PHP ETC. BASIC KNOWLEDGE OF ANDROID AND MAC APPLICATIONS. COMPLETE KNOWLEDGE OF SERVER AND CLIENT BASED ENVIRONMENT BASIC KNOWLEDGE OF MICROSOFT WINDOWS FIREWALL

Puneet SinghAssociate Software EngineerBengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Puneet-Singh/cb1ede9ee6d21bcaWilling to relocate to: Bangalore Urban, KarnatakaWORK EXPERIENCEAssociate Software Engineeroracle Associate Software Engineer in Oracle India Pvt Ltd. (through Trigent Software Pvt Ltd) Experience in Oracle Hyperion Products and Automation Scripting. (September 2017 onwards)Perform automation through python and batch scripting.Provide application maintenance and client support.EDUCATIONB.E. in ENCNorth Maharashtra University2017CertificateInstitute/BoardSKILLSC++ (Less than 1 year), DATABASES (Less than 1 year), ECLIPSE (Less than 1 year), ESSBASE(Less than 1 year), HYPERION (Less than 1 year), python, javaLINKShttp://www.linkedin.com/in/puneet-singh-277a11151ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTECHNICAL SKILLS Languages: Java, C, C++, Python, Batch Databases: Oracle, Mysql Ides: Eclipse, PyCharm Operating systems: Windows and Linux Dataware housing Tools: ODI, Hyperion Essbase and Planning, FDMEEhttps://www.indeed.com/r/Puneet-Singh/cb1ede9ee6d21bca?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INhttp://www.linkedin.com/in/puneet-singh-277a11151

Rahul BolluSoftware Engineer - DisneyHyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Rahul-Bollu/dc40f5ce78045741 Over 3.5 years of experience in implementing organization DevOps strategy in variousenvironments of Linux and windows servers along with adopting cloud strategies based onAmazon Web Services. Experience in Cloud Technologies like Amazon Web Services (AWS) VPC, EC2, S3, ELB, IAM,Auto Scaling, Route 53, SQS, SNS, RDS, Cloud Watch, Dynamo DB. Utilized Cloud Watch to monitor AWS resources to set alarms for notification, and to monitorlogs for a better operation of the system. Experience working with automated build platforms/continuous integration using DevOpsarchitecture. Implementing DevOps tools like Ansible as configuration management for ContinuousIntegration and Continuous Deployment with build tools using Maven on Cloud Infrastructureusing AWS. Experience on version control tool GIT- Creating branches, tracking changes, maintaining thehistory of code and helping the Developers in GIT related issues. Worked on Jenkins for continuous integration and for End to End automation for all build anddeployments. Worked with Ansible as a configuration management tool, created playbooks to automaterepetitive tasks, quickly deploy applications, and proactively manage change. Knowledge on Docker.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware EngineerDisney -September 2014 to PresentResponsibilities: Coordinate/assist developers with establishing and applying appropriate branching, labeling/naming conventions using GIT source control. Implemented the setup for Master slave architecture to improve the performance of Jenkins. Used Jenkins to implement Continuous Integration and deployment into Tomcat/Web logicApplication server. Created Ansible playbooks for automating the Infrastructure, deployment process. Managed clients, roles, tasks, playbooks in Ansible. Deploy and monitor scalable infrastructure on AWS & configuration management. Worked on making application more scalable and highly available in AWS. Created AWS IAM roles & total architecture deployment end to end (creation of EC2 instances& its infrastructure)Environment: GIT, Maven, Jenkins, Tomcat, Docker, Jira, AWS, Ansible, LAMPSoftware Engineerhttps://www.indeed.com/r/Rahul-Bollu/dc40f5ce78045741?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INHCL Technologies -September 2014 to Present Coordinate/assist developers with establishing and applying appropriate branching, labeling/naming conventions using GIT source control. Implemented the setup for Master slave architecture to improve the performance of Jenkins. Used Jenkins to implement Continuous Integration and deployment into Tomcat/Web logicApplication server. Created Ansible playbooks for automating the Infrastructure, deployment process. Managed clients, roles, tasks, playbooks in Ansible. Deploy and monitor scalable infrastructure on AWS & configuration management. Worked on making application more scalable and highly available in AWS. Created AWS IAM roles & total architecture deployment end to end (creation of EC2 instances& its infrastructure).Process AssociateMicrosoft -July 2013 to August 2014Responsibilities: Collect and document user requirements. Design and develop database architecture for information systems projects. Design, construct, modify, integrate, implement and test data models and databasemanagement systems. Conduct research and provide advice to other informatics professionals regarding the selection,application and implementation of database management tools. Operate database management systems to analyze data and perform data mining analysis.EDUCATIONBachelor Of ScienceVaughn College of Aeronautics and TechnologySKILLSAWS (3 years), Tomcat, Ansible, git, LAMP, docker, jenkins, Maven, JiraADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTechnical Skills:Cloud Technologies: AWSOperating Systems: Linux, Windows.Version Control Systems: GITAutomated Build Tools: MavenContinuous Integration: JenkinsScripting Languages: Shell ScriptingConfiguration Management: Ansible.Container service: Docker

Rajeev KumarSenior Associate Consultant - Infosys/Offshore LeadBengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Rajeev-Kumar/3f560fd91275495bAn erudite professional with 2 years of IT/Presales/Project Management experiencePossess knowledge of Project Management, Digital/Social Media Marketing, Analytics, BI(Business Intelligence), presales, Businessdevelopment, strategy and planning, etc.Endowed with a passion for winning as exemplified through excellence in academic,extracurricular areas and organizational experienceAn effective communicator with strong analytical/logical skills to relate to people at any levelof business and managementExposure in improving business performance by leveraging market insights to influencestrategic and tactical plans that delivered differentiated offerings to customersPossess problem solving capability keeping constraints in purview, innovation &adaptabilityA quick learner with the expertise to work under pressure and meet deadlinesPleasing personality with a zest for life, knowledge and sound understanding of technology andthe present worldWilling to relocate: AnywhereWORK EXPERIENCESenior Associate ConsultantInfosys Limited - Bangalore Urban, Karnataka -July 2017 to Present- Project Management Office (PMO)/Offshore Lead for a leading Global Oil & Gas utility giant- Handling multiple service areas viz. risks and issues, planning and scheduling and assuranceprocesses for all projects and engagements across the EMEA geographyAssociate ConsultantInfosys - Pune, Maharashtra -May 2016 to June 2017- Presales (Domain and Process Consulting) for Enterprise Asset Management (EAM) Supply ChainDomain- Pega Marketing and BPM (Business Process Management) team as a functional consultant- Problem Definition: Conduct secondary research that helps identify problem areas- Effort Estimation and preparing Deal Pricing with vendors to provide data points for proposaldevelopment- Solution Evaluation & Recommendation: Understand solutions recommended and explorealternatives based on research (literature survey, information based in public domains etc.)-Requirement Analysis & Detailing of Processes: Create requirement specifications frombusiness needs. Define detailed functional, process, infrastructure based on requirementshttps://www.indeed.com/r/Rajeev-Kumar/3f560fd91275495b?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN- Development/Configuration: Configure and build the application, process solution in line withthe design document- Issue Resolution: Understand the issue, diagnose the root cause and shortlist solutionalternatives- Marketing & Branding: Create marketing material in the form of case studies or solutiondocumentation- Configure and assist in evaluating micro vertical/service/solution requirements on the products,documenting these in presentations and creating solution brochuresEDUCATIONPGDM in MarketingGoa Institute of Management - GoaJune 2014 to March 2016B.Tech in Computer Science and EngineeringUttar Pradesh Technical University - Ghaziabad, Uttar PradeshJuly 2010 to April 2014SKILLSAdobe Photoshop (Less than 1 year), Ads (Less than 1 year), BI (1 year), Business Intelligence(1 year), MS Excel (2 years), presales (1 year), Tableau (1 year), Pega Marketing and BPM (Lessthan 1 year), MS Word (2 years), MS Powerpoint (2 years), MS Sharepoint (2 years), Spss (Lessthan 1 year), IBM Maximo (Less than 1 year), marketing strategy (2 years), Business Analysis(2 years), communication and soft skills (2 years), Project Management (2 years), ProjectPlanning (2 years), Team Management (1 year)LINKShttp://www.linkedin.com/in/rajeevkumar91CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSESGoogle AdwordsDecember 2016 to December 2017Google AnalyticsFebruary 2017 to August 2018HubSpot Inbound MarketingDigital Vidya Certified Digital Marketerhttp://www.linkedin.com/in/rajeevkumar91ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSoft SkillsCommunicator, Innovator, Team Player, Analytical Collaborator. IntuitiveTechnical Skills Google AdWords, Google Analytics, Inbound Marketing, SEO (On-page and Off- page), SEM,Facebook Ads and SocialProject Management, MS Project ProfessionalMedia Campaigns (Content Bucketing) Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, SPSS MS Office Suite, Advanced Excel, MS SharePoint, Visio, Adobe Photoshop, Pega Marketing andBPM

Ram EdupugantiSoftware Development Director - Oracle Inc- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ram-Edupuganti/3ecdecbcba549e21 Offering over 22 years of rich national & international experience in developing & deployingsoftware appplicatoins development, customized solutions across Oracle Fusion HCM GlobalCore HR, Global Payroll, Global Absences, Compensation and all Talent modules - PerformanceManagement, Goals Management, Career Development, Succession Management & TalentReview Meeting Directed planning, strategy development and implementation & business solution delivery withrecent successful implantations at Schneider Electric, Macy's, Pike International, British Telcom. Accomplished in relational data modeling, data warehouse design and implementation, objectoriented design and development, developing transactional & business analytics in CRM, SCMand HCM domains from client server to cloud SaaS. Led large-scale business application architecture and design efforts; developed and maintainedsolutions for various business functional areas; assisted in resolving integration and interfaceissues between various systems with focus on optimizing performance and scalability Extensive experience in all aspects of project management including budgeting and costoptimization, risk assessments and control, technical feasibility studies, project scope definition,estimations & cost control & so on Recruit, Develop and led high-performing teams with high motivation and enhanced cross-functional collaborationWORK EXPERIENCESoftware Development DirectorOracle Inc -April 2015 to PresentOracle Inc -January 1998 to Present98 with Oracle Inc.Growth Path & Deputations:Senior Development ManagerOracle Inc -December 2011 to March 2015Senior Development ManagerOracle Inc -March 2010 to November 2011https://www.indeed.com/r/Ram-Edupuganti/3ecdecbcba549e21?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INPrincipal Applications DeveloperOracle Inc -September 2004 to February 2010Project LeadOracle Inc -September 1999 to August 2004Senior Software DeveloperOracle Inc -January 1998 to August 1999R-Systems - Sacramento, CA -January 1997 to January 1998Key Result Areas: Providing overall leadership to the entire project team, mapping clients' requirements,transforming requirements into stipulations and providing them best solutions within the scopeof project requirements Creating and managing the estimates, project plan, project schedule, resource allocation andexpenses; monitoring and reporting on standards & performance targets Ensuring the delivery of quality releases on schedules using continuous improvementinitiatives; adhering to quality norms throughout the project implementation Working on service strategy, transition, operations, process improvement, processmanagement, team building, training, hiring and client relationship management Identifying and implementing strategies for building team effectiveness by promoting a spiritof cooperation among the team members Supporting continuous improvement by investigating alternatives and new technologies andpresenting the same for architectural review Liaising with stakeholders during the course of problem diagnoses, requirements gathering,detailed level design, development, system test and production implementation to ensure thatoptimal resolutions are achievedKNOWLEDGE PURVIEW Machine Learning Algorithms supervised, unsupervised, NLP, chat bot and deep learning withPython Building transactional applications & analytical solutions in SaaS model Oracle fusion role based data security set up and customization for complex securityrequirements Reporting Layer (Subject Areas) for fusion HCM cloud for all HCM modules Data Warehousing design methodologies, star and snowflake schema designs, aggregations OBIEE, Data Visualization Desktop, BICS, DVCS, Oracle Analytics Cloud (OAC), Tableau Design and build dashboards, KPIs using Oracle BI platform and OTBI, Standard Reports usingBI Publisher Design and build mappings, knowledge modules, load plans using Oracle Data Integrator (ODI) Relational data modeling, Object Oriented Modeling & Design, UML, SOAP Oracle 10g, 11g, 12c SQL, PL/SQL, HTML, XML, JAVA, JDK, J2EE, Oracle ADF, Oracle JDeveloper Applications Development for Oracle CRM, Oracle ebusiness SCM, Applications/database/SQL/Batch program performance tuning UNIX, Windows, LinuxR-Systems -April 1996 to January 1998Growth Path & Deputations:Department of Corrections - Sacramento, CA -February 1996 to January 1997Secretary of StateSalem, Tamil Nadu -December 1995 to February 1996Oracle Corporation - Redwood Shores, CA -January 1995 to December 1995EDUCATIONM.S. in Computer EngineeringTexas A&M University - Kingsville, TX1994B.S. in Electronics & Communications EngineeringNagarjuna University1992SKILLSSOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT (3 years), STRUCTURED SOFTWARE (3 years), BUSINESSINTELLIGENCE (1 year), ORACLE (1 year), ARCHITECTURE (Less than 1 year)ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONCORE COMPETENCIESSoftware Development & ConsultingOracle Fusion Applications Architecture and FunctionalityOracle Business Intelligence development and implementationsTechnology PlanningDelivery ManagementClient Engagements (Stakeholders/Business)Continuous Process EnhancementAgile/Scrum MethodologiesProject Management

Ramesh HPCES ASSOCIATE CONSULTANTBangalore, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ramesh-HP/95fc615713630c4e 4 years of experience in engineering Technology software sales and strategic sourcing in B2Bplatform. Proven track record of generating increased revenue by involving in professional salesstrategies. Responsible for software installation, network configuration, application integration withexisting system and Technical support. Effectively work with cross functional teams to deliver right solutions to client's requirements. Complete involvement in client meetings with respect to requirement collection, suggestingsolutions and financial negotiations. Good experience in account management, having a track record of generating repeatedbusiness. Responsible for report generation with respect qualified leads and expected commitments inclosing deals. Worked on a multiple market sector, responsibility to manage sector wise market analysis anddrive business parallely.Willing to relocate: AnywhereWORK EXPERIENCECES ASSOCIATE CONSULTANTSAP ARIBA -November 2016 to October 2017 Responsible for supplier management via Ariba Discovery Which is B2B consulting platform. Strategic sourcing of supplier corresponding to the buyer's products & service basedcommodities globally. Effectively analyse and conduct commodity research on project description from the buyer'spostings. Effective handling of multiple projects and converting potential leads into revenue for Ariba. Having track record of maintaining 100% revenue target by monthly & quarterly.SALES ENGINEER - CONCEPT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTION-January 2014 to November 2016 Effective selling of CAD, CAM & Analysis Software's. Which has got multiple market sector. Generating qualified leads by sourcing market, sector wise & implementing sales action plans. Giving presentation about the company, products & service offers. Identifying the client requirements, Plan for proposing a solution by integrating with internaltechnical team. Provide value addition to the prospect by involving my superiors with client management team.https://www.indeed.com/r/Ramesh-HP/95fc615713630c4e?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN Responsible to make negotiations and up closing the deals. Provide technical support after sales and maintain healthy relationship with the prospect. Responsible to achieve targets monthly, quarterly & annually.EDUCATIONMCA in COMPUTER APPLICATIONDayananda Sagar College of Engineering - Bengaluru, KarnatakaBACHELOR OF SCIENCE in ElectronicsGovt Science College - Hassan, KarnatakaSKILLSLead genearation, Customer Handling, cold calling, Negotiation, upselling, IT sales, outboundcalling, Technical Support, sales forcasting, Software sale, product demonstration, cross selling,Inside Sales, Technical sales, MS office, software integration, Network ManagementADDITIONAL INFORMATION Excellent Communication both verbal & written MS-Office Sales Forecasting SAP Business Objective Tool Strategic Prospecting Ariba Network Admin Tool Product Knowledge Ariba B2B Cloud Platform Social Networking Negotiation Customer Relationship Management Technical Support

Ramya. PHyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ramya-P/00f125c7b9b95a35( 2 year Experience) Working currently with Accenture services Pune as a Software Test Engineer with ClientAccenture on British Telecom Open reach Project, using Agile Methodologies. Experience in automating provision journey in QTP (UFT) Good understanding of the project with deep domain knowledge of Telecom with respect toProvisioning and Assurance. Expertise in functional, CST, Integration and E2E testing on CRM application for the BTAssurance journey with respect to different products. Expertise in understanding of the new requirements and developing test cases for new featuresbeing implemented in the code base and executing them. Good in understanding of the change with involvement in regular solution design discussions,technical changes discussions with Solution Designers and Stake holders accordingly. Proficient with the SDLC, STLC and Defect life cycle. Excellent communication skills with proficiency at grasping new technical concepts quickly andutilize the same in a productive manner. Mentored new joiners on the Overall view of the project, Features and Functionality of Testing.Willing to relocate: AnywhereWORK EXPERIENCESoftware EngineerAccenture - Hyderabad, Telangana -December 2015 to PresentBT Openreach (British Telecom)BT Openreach is responsible for looking after the local network (connection from your propertyto local exchange) that makes the running of telecommunication services possible. BT helps toprovide lines for telephone connection. It has products like PSTN, Ethernet, NGA, and LLU. BT actsas an intermediate between customer and connection provider.BT Openreach is a software module which manages BT business right from the placement of theorder, managing appointments, monitoring status to order completion.Role and Responsibilities: Performing a Sanity test on the application and working on stabilizing the test environment forsmooth testing activities everyday SOP. Assigning the task and updating the reports to management by collating the data of eachindividual in the team. Testing the application with respect to CST, Integration, Functional, E2E and Regression testing. Writing of Test Cases and execution based on the inputs such as customer requirements/testplan/test approach/ test techniques/ test strategies given based on the functionalities using AgileMethodologies.https://www.indeed.com/r/Ramya-P/00f125c7b9b95a35?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN Execution of test cases and bug reporting in Quality center Coordinated with developers to get the bugs reproduced and resolved Reviewing the release and build notes documents. Carry out regression testing every time when changes are made to the code to fix defects. Regular involvement in RCA calls for the defects raised on daily basis and attending Scrum callsfor updating the status of the stack present in a given timelines.Liberty global international (LGI):Presently working as a application support Engineer for LGI.Roles and Responsibilities:Daily monitoring servers heath check .Solving the incident using tools like nagious , splunk,graphana.Acheviments:Received appreciation excuting high number of test cases with in the given timeReceived appreciation from Client for finding show stopper defects.Received appreciate for identifying P1 issue within the SLAEDUCATIONBSc in Computer Sciencevasundhara womens2015narayana jr.college2012SSCpragathi high school2010SKILLSBlack Box (2 years), Black Box Testing (2 years), Database (Less than 1 year), java (Less than1 year), logging (Less than 1 year), SQL (Less than 1 year), Nagious (Less than 1 year), Splunk(Less than 1 year), Manual Testing (2 years), SDLC&STLC (2 years)ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONOperating Systems: Windows,Languages: Core javaTest Management Tool: HP Quality Center, HP ALMDatabase mySQLDefect Management Tools: AIT ( Accenture Intelligent Testing), QCProfessional Skills: Proficient in overall Manual testing concepts. Proficient in Functional E2E Testing, Black Box Testing, Regression Testing. Good at analyzing the requirements and preparing assessments for the new requirements. Expertise in Development of test cases for the new features being implemented using differenttest design techniques. This included Analysis of the Feature Documents and developing astrategy for testing the feature. Good in defect logging and tracking activities till the closure of a defect using tools QC and AIT.

R ArunraviFunctional Consultant / WM Lead - SAP EWMBangalore, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/R-Arunravi/0da1137537d8b159Willing to relocate: AnywhereWORK EXPERIENCEFunctional Consultant / WM LeadSAP EWM -December 2015 to PresentCATERPILLAR]SAP EWM WM AnalystCATERPILLAR -October 2013 to December 2015Magna Info Tech]Project 1: Implementation & Support of EWMProject 2: Johannesburg Distribution Center - WM/SD/MM Support Involved in Business requirement Gathering for setting up a new warehouse. Understandingthe AS-IS Business Process of the current distribution facility by Interacting with the Key businessusers. Prepared Blue print of the new warehouse facility by understanding and Mapping the BusinessProcess to the SAP EWM module. Involved in configuration and maintenance of goods issue processes, Storage type searchstrategies for Put away and picking based on the Business design for receiving and deliveryprocess. Configured the Stock Removal Control Indicators, Storage type sequences, Storage SectionIndicators, Bin Type Indicators and storage process steps. Training the users for carrying out their warehouse activities and using the warehouse monitorto view outbound and inbound transaction results. Involved in WM RF screen developments and configurations. Identify and debug defects in BO report - 'TU Zero Weight' and Emergency Charge Waivingissue and Worked on Partial Invoicing change. Worked on a CR to create unique pack with number for URG Orders, based on Dealer PO. Set up new storage types that were extended as a part of Rearrangement process in JDCwarehouse. Provide Post-Go Live Incident support and involved in both technical & functional changes. Delivered 13 CRs for the year 2015 and 6 CRs till June 2016.WM Functional Consultant / Visual PLM Consultant / Lead TechnicalSAP EWM -https://www.indeed.com/r/R-Arunravi/0da1137537d8b159?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INFebruary 2011 to October 2013Clientis S3G - IndiaProject 1: Implementation of Kair IT EWM / PLMProject 2: Bauer Hockey Corp - WM Support Collaborated with Warehouse internal team members to understand the Business process ininbound and outbound logistics in India and Dubai, Gap analysis and design & finalization ofblueprints. Involved in configuration of ERP-EWM integration - ALE setting, ERP settings and EWM settings. Involved in configuration and maintenance of goods issue processes and participated in Enduser training. Developed and configured Merchandise Plan, Timeline Management as per client needs. Integrated VPLM system with SAP R/3 system, mapped fields for use in Tech Pack report, BOM,and Production Cost details. Prepared Functional / Technical specs and involved extensively in Unit Testing and IntegrationTesting. Involved in Supporting WM module on both functional and technical issues.Consultant / ABAP ConsultantSAP WM -October 2007 to February 2011Voletix IT Solutions - IndiaProject 1: Momentive Project Implementation - ABAP SupportProject 2: ECCI - WM Implementation Developed Smart Forms for Transfer Order and Pay slips. Updated VAT, Service Tax data via customization of Sales Order and Invoice SAP scripts. Created reports for validation of Bill of Material, and others outlining billing details in ALV format. Designed Smart Forms layout representing Invoices and Delivery Notes. Uploaded vendor and customer data through call transaction method. Configured the Storage Type Indicators, Bin Type Indicators, Bin structure and stockdetermination sequence. Prepared Functional / Technical specifications and involved extensively in Unit Testing andIntegration Testing. Involved in Supporting WM module on both functional and technical issues.EDUCATIONMaster of Engineering in Computer and CommunicationAnna University2005 to 2007Bachelor of Technology in Information TechnologyAnna University2001 to 2005ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONProfessional competenciesBusiness /IT Consulting Configuration/ Support Requirements/ Blue print /Gap AnalysisCoding/Debugging Change Management Functional/ Technical Spec DesignComputer skills SAP Knowledge: SAP EWM, SAP WM, SAP SD, SAP MM, SAP AFS, SAP PP, SAP XI Computing languages: SQL, MS-Office, Open office, HTML, PHP

Ravi ShankarWorking as Escalation Engineer with Microsoft.Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ravi-Shankar/befa180dc0449299 Working in Microsoft - EPS (SCS-MON) at Convergys India Private Ltd., Pune from 5th October,2015 till date. Currently working as an Escalation Engineer with SCS-MON team. Done B.E. from Padmshree Dr. D.Y.Patil Institute of Engineering and Technology, Pimpri, PuneUniversity.Willing to relocate to: Pune, Maharashtra - hyderbad, Telangana - Bangalore, KarnatakaWORK EXPERIENCEEscalation EngineerMicrosoftWorking on escalated issues with System Centre Operations Manager, Service Manager andOrchestrator. Have trained batches for the same. Supported junior Engineers in resolving toughissues.Have worked as a Support EngineerMicrosoft - Pune, Maharashtra -October 2015 to April 2017since May 2017 as a Subject Matter Expert to Jan 2018 and as Escalation Engineer since Feb2018 at Convergys India Pvt. Ltd. Pune for MICROSOFT Enterprise Support Team (SCS-MON)Roles and responsibilities: - Working in Microsoft Commercial Technical Support SCS-MON Team providing advancedtechnical support by handling escalated or complex customer issues. Identify, investigate, research and provide resolution on Customer queries and problems relatedto System Center Products. Provide subject matter expertise in area of assignment and serve as a resource to other supportpersonnel. Maintain high level of customer satisfaction always with an eye on productivity. Maintain a high level of technical product knowledge in the specified software/hardwareproducts and become knowledgeable in new products when deployed. Have supported SCOM, SCSM and Orchestrator platform for Microsoft customers. My work includes helping the Engineers with Technical issues on System Center platformsupport.Core Competencies: -System Center Operations Manager: Installation, deployment and troubleshooting of System Center Operations Manager Cross-domain and Cross platform monitoring. Network devices and Web Application monitoringhttps://www.indeed.com/r/Ravi-Shankar/befa180dc0449299?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN Custom reports / Issue with blank reports Network Devices monitoring Integrating and monitoring other System Center Products such as SCCM, SCDPM, SCVMM etc.with SCOM NotificationsSystem Center Orchestrator: Installation, deployment and troubleshooting of System Center Orchestrator Deployment of various Microsoft and Non-Microsoft Integration Packs Integration of SCSM-Orchestrator Creating and Deploying Runbooks Troubleshooting Runbook Server Performance IssuesSystem Center Service Manager: Installation, deployment and troubleshooting of System Center Service Manager Configuring Connectors Notifications Portal deployment (SharePoint and HTML5) Troubleshooting workflows Troubleshooting Data-warehouse Jobs issuesEDUCATIONB.E.Pune UniversitySKILLSOPERATIONS MANAGER (1 year), SCOM (1 year), SYSTEM CENTER OPERATIONS MANAGER (1year), Orchestrator SCSMADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTECHNICAL SKILLSOperating systems Microsoft Windows Server 2012 (R2) /2008 (R2) /2003 (R2) Microsoft Windows Win8.1/Win8/Win7/Vista/XP Linux - Various Flavors and Distributions (Red Hat/Fedora /CentOS/Debian)Server Applications Microsoft System Center Operations Manager (SCOM) 2016 /2012 […] R2 Microsoft System Center Service Manager (SCSM) 2016 /2012 R2/2012 Microsoft System Center Orchestrator 2016 /2012 R2/2012 Microsoft SQL […] R2Virtual Appliances Microsoft Hyper-V VMware Workstation / VirtualBoxOther Applications Microsoft Office […] Trained and worked on Forefront Identity Manager, Microsoft Identity Manager, Forefront ThreatManagement Gateway and Unified Access Gateway for Windows security. Good knowledge of basic Networking concepts Good knowledge of basics of Microsoft Active Directory Basic Knowledge of Windows Failover Clusters, Microsoft Exchange and IIS.

Ravi ShivgondBidar, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ravi-Shivgond/4018c67548312089To associate with an organization that promises a creative and challenging career in progressiveEnvironment to enhance my knowledge, skills to be a part of team that excels in work towardsthe growth of the organization.WORK EXPERIENCETechnical Support EngineerSAP - Bengaluru, Karnataka -November 2017 to February 2018I completed PLC Automation course that's way I will rejoin that jobEDUCATIONGovt. High school YernalliB.E. in ElectricalKarnataka State - Bidar, KarnatakaSKILLSAC (Less than 1 year), Allen Bradley (Less than 1 year), Engineer (Less than 1 year), FANUC(Less than 1 year), GE FANUC (Less than 1 year)ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTECHNICAL QUALIFICATION: Obtained Post graduate diploma in Industrial Plant Automation Engineer from Prolific Systemsand Automation Bangalore. With hands on practical experience in Industrial Automation Toolsspecializing in PLC, SCADA and VFD. Attended a 3-day National level seminar on "Mat Lab and its Applications" organized by E&EEdepartment of GNDEC Bidar.ACADEMIC PROJECT:Speed synchronization of multiple DC motors in industries using wireless RF. Aim: To find Speed synchronization of multiple DC motors in industries using wireless RF.https://www.indeed.com/r/Ravi-Shivgond/4018c67548312089?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN Main Components Used: LCD Display, Diodes, Potentiometer, Rectifier, transformer, DC motor,DC motor drive, […] microcontroller, RF transistor, RF receiver, IR sensor, etc. TECHNICAL SKILLS: Post Graduate Diploma in Industrial Automation (PGDIA) Course from M/s.Prolific Systems and Technologies Pvt. Ltd., Bangalore which includes:Allen Bradley Micro Logix1000, SLC 5 / 03 RS Logix 500Siemens S7-300 SIMATIC MANAGER-5.4GE FANUC Versamax Micro, Proficy MachineDelta WPL Soft 2.42Mitsubishi FX3U 16M GX-DeveloperOmron Sysmac - CP1E CX-ProgrammerDCS AC-800 F Freelance Industrial ITField Basics Of Fi, Interface With Live PlantInstrumentation Setup With SLC 5 / 03 Controller Interfaced With In touch SCADA

Rohit BijlaniJAVA Developer/Senior Systems Engineer - INFOSYS LIMITEDItarsi, Madhya Pradesh - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Rohit-Bijlani/06ecf59ddac448c7A Dynamic, Hardworking, Focused and Result oriented person with 2 years 10 monthsof experience in development using Java Technology and other cutting edge technologies.Experience in design and development of enterprise applications using agile methodology. Richexperience in build and deployment process.Willing to relocate to: Pune, MaharashtraWORK EXPERIENCEJAVA Developer/Senior Systems EngineerINFOSYS LIMITED - Pune, Maharashtra -February 2016 to PresentProject Idea: The Aetna Quoting Center (AQC) comes under the Aetna Group in Health Industryand its HeadOffice is in Hartford. AQC is a Java enterprise Web based application in Sales Ratingand Quoting (SRQ) domain. AQC is developed as a single Rating/Quoting engine for Middle andNational Market Customers for new business offering both Traditional and Health MaintenanceOrganization Products.AQC is used by the Aetna Sales Representatives and Underwriters for creation of New BusinessQuotes.A Quote typically comprised of Customer, Member Information along with the Product/Benefits being offered and the corresponding Premium to be paid for the HealthCare Plan.Responsibilities: Analysing business and system requirements and creating design patterns for applications. Presenting the ideas to client for application and implementing it in the application. Clear understanding of Requirement gathering and designing phase. Created Detailed Leveldesign (DLD) document of all subsequent releases till date. Experience in working over deployment process, deploying code over different servers,maintaining deployment documents and handling different task in subsequent releases. Excellent hands-on in performing request analysis, finding defects and giving code fixes inminimal amount of time. Resolving Client IssueOther Responsibilities: Sharing knowledge with the team by sharing KM tips/quizzes/sessions. Mentoring 2-3 team members and providing technical guidance in AQC projectJAVA InternINFOSYS LIMITED - Mysore, Karnataka -June 2015 to November 2015https://www.indeed.com/r/Rohit-Bijlani/06ecf59ddac448c7?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INUndergone 6 months of internship with Infosys, which includes theoretical as well as hands onexperience in Core Java, Hibernate and SQL.- Successfully completed Infosys's Mysore Internship.EDUCATIONBachelor of Engineering in Mechanical EngITM University Gwalior - Gwalior, Madhya Pradesh2015SKILLSJ2Ee, Sql server, Core Java, Spring mvc, Hibernate, SpringADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSKILLS Languages: JAVA.Technologies/Frmwks: Hibernate, Spring, Spring MVC.IDE/Tools: Eclipse, Rational Application Development (RAD)Database: SQL Server 2008Miscellaneous: Xml.OS: Windows

Roshan SinhaApplication Developer - SAP ABAPKolkata, West Bengal - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Roshan-Sinha/ab398efcd288724fWilling to relocate to: Kolkata, West Bengal - Bangalore City, Karnataka - NCR, DelhiWORK EXPERIENCEApplication DeveloperSAP ABAP - Kolkata, West Bengal -March 2011 to April 2018Joined as Associate System Engineer, worked as Application Developer for maintenance anddevelopment of SAP systems for clients from Distribution, Chemicals and Petrochemicals andIndustrial sectors.Application DeveloperIBM India Pvt. Ltd. -April 2011 to March 2018Application Development and Maintainence services on SAP using ABAP as programminglanguage.Application DeveloperSAP ABAP - Kolkata, West Bengal -June 2017 to November 2017Non-ALE Outbound File Interfaces for Forward and Reverse Logistics Application from SAP to EMMsystem Return, Replacement and Dispatched IMEI and SIM Serial Data Interfaces.Application DeveloperSAP ABAP -July 2016 to November 2017IMSP Applications built on OOPS-ABAP, BAPI, FM.Smartform for Credit/Invoice NoteApplication DeveloperSAP ABAP - Kolkata, West Bengal -May 2017 to June 2017https://www.indeed.com/r/Roshan-Sinha/ab398efcd288724f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INfrom Repacking - Batch creation, Create Inbound Delivery, Reprint Handling Unit, Post GoodsMovement, Goods Receipt and Goods Issue.Application DeveloperSAP ABAP - Kolkata, West Bengal -January 2017 to May 2017Audit and Tax applications built on reports and enhancements in ABAP, Purchase TAX Reports,C/F Forms.Application DeveloperSAP ABAP - Kolkata, West Bengal -July 2013 to July 2016Upload Purchase Order Header Data.DIM Monthly Price deviation table.EHS Module: -LACK1 report, Where-Used Report and CK2/CK3 InterfaceApplication DeveloperSAP ABAP - Bengaluru, Karnataka -February 2013 to June 2013Design and Implement Technical Strategies for the Team Deliverable along with Leads.Uploading of Internal Orders (Cost Objects) using Batch Input Recording.Uploading of Direct Purchase Orders using BAPI.Implementation of User Exit for overriding standard billing document number ranges.Implementation of Pricing List Category Quote Order Header in CRM and SD.Enhancement for Filter products by material type in GTS.Develop adding custom fields and field logic in CRM WEBUIApplication DeveloperSAP ABAP - Kolkata, West Bengal -January 2013 to February 2013Developed Outbound Interface Report from SAP to CLM, spool generation and Enhancement ofScreen Elements using Dynamic Search Help.Application DeveloperSAP ABAP - Kolkata, West Bengal -January 2012 to December 2012Worked on Remedy Tickets for issues with following applications: -Overtime Request on BP People Portal enhancement from Time Attendance domain in HR.TAX certificate Administration from Payroll.Worked on Custom Infotype for TAX Form.Application DeveloperSAP ABAP - Kolkata, West Bengal -August 2011 to December 2011Enhancement of standard and custom transaction, interfaces and e-formsEDUCATIONB.Tech in TechnologyAnna University Chennai - Chennai, Tamil Nadu2010SKILLSSap AbapADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSKILLSSAP ABAPOOPS-ABAP

Sai Dhir- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sai-Dhir/e6ed06ed081f04cfWORK EXPERIENCESasken Technologies Pvt. Ltd - Pune, Maharashtra -January 2017 to PresentORACLE -January 2011 to PresentSTP is basically a router that realys ss7 messages through various signally points. In project allSTPs were replaced by ORACLE STP due to its advanced features, high end support, flexibility.The STP is connected to adjacent SEPs and STPs via signaling links. Based on the address fieldsof the SS7 messages, the STP routes the messages to the appropriate outgoing signaling link.Client: ORACLETeam Size: 4Role: fetching data, analyzing, monitoring, troubleshootingTechnologies: filezilla, puttyMajor Development Currently working on External Browser Integration for the Payment Gateway Multiple Shipping methods Inside Order InvoiceORACLE - Gurgaon, Haryana -October 2016 to January 2017Karizma Order Manager & Karizma Order SystemORACLE -March 2011 to October 2011Stamp Duty means a tax payable on certain legal documents specified by statute; the duty maybe fixed or ad valorem meaning that the tax paid as a stamp duty may be a fixed amount oran amount which varies based on the value of the products, services or property on which it islevied. It is basically a kind of tax paid on any transaction based on exchange of documents orexecution of instruments.Client: Max Life InsuranceTeam Size: 4Role: Business Analyst, Testing and Bug Fixing.Technologies: Group AsiaMajor Development Reading of the new requirements and have a thorough knowledge regarding the functionalityand generating test case regarding it.https://www.indeed.com/r/Sai-Dhir/e6ed06ed081f04cf?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INPMJJ BY: PMJJBY (Pradhan Mantri Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana) is a one year Life insurance scheme,auto renewed every year, offering coverage for death due to any reason. The PMJJBY scheme isavailable to anyone between 18 and 50 years of age and with a CSB Savings bank account. Themain administrator within the scheme could be life insurance corporation in addition to hardlyany other insurance providers who will be able to give similar benefits under the schemeTeam Size: 4Role: business analyst, testingTechnologies: group asiaEDUCATIONClient-Server ArchitectureCDAC - Mohali, PunjabJanuary 2017 to PresentBachelor of Engineering in EngineeringPunjab Technical University (PTU) Jalhandar2012 to 2016B.EPunjab Technical University2012 to 2016AndroidCDAC Mohali - Mohali, PunjabSKILLSCHANGE MANAGEMENT (Less than 1 year), Configuration Management (Less than 1 year), Git(Less than 1 year), Incident Management (Less than 1 year), Linux (Less than 1 year)ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONOperating Systems Windows 7, ubuntu LinuxConfiguration Management Git, svnIncident Management IBM i series 400Domain insurancePlatform - WindowsFramework-Group AsiaDomian TelecomDomain telecomPlatform-windowsFramework-filezilla, putty

Sai PathaMule ESB Integration Developer - Cisco SystemsHyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sai-Patha/981ba615ab108e29 6+ years of professional experience in end-to-end designing, developing and implementationofsoftware solutions in the areas of Middleware Integration and J2EE based applications. Expertise in the areas of Core Java, Servlet 2.3, JSP, Web Services, MESB, and OSB. Expertise in PL SQL programming and Oracle Apps (Oracle Order management) Having 2.5+ years of experience in Mule and expert in Mule ESB development (3.7v & 3.8v),MuleESB administration and Mule API management (API GW 1.x, 2.x, 3.x) CloudHub. Experience in building Mule ESB & API management platform for organizations Experience in performance tuning, testing, and benchmarking the platform for theorganization. Expert in building middleware systems using Message Routing, Content Enrichment, CacheMechanism, Message Filtering, Message Transformation, Message sequencing, Batch messageprocessing, Error handling and reconciliation mechanisms. Expertise in designing and implementing multi-tiered application with high performance usingJ2EE standards. Good understanding of API management systems - Mulesoft and RAML. Experience in compiling proof of concepts and presenting to customers. Deep knowledge of all phases of software engineering involving analysis, design andimplementation. Hands on experience in load testing and performance testing and setting up the environment. Very strong debugging skills. Expertise in implementing different J2EE design patterns and Java Multi-Threading. Hands on experience in creating Splunk dashboard, App for production proactive monitoringandfor reporting. Good understanding in Web services security. Extensively worked on servers Apache Tomcat, JBoss, Web logic and WebSphere. Familiar with reviewing Functional Requirements and writing Technical Specifications. Extensive Expertise in using Oracle 11i. Broad knowledge of version control systems, build scripts and logging mechanisms. Analysis, design and development of Applications based on J2EE & allied technologies usingAgilemethodology. Implementing high-end performance REST services for Middleware using Core Java. Deploying Builds to DEV/TEST/PROD environment using Kintana, Udeploy & URelease tools. Implementation of modules using Core Java APIs, Java collection, XML technologies andintegrating the modules. Responsible for converting the understood business into Technical Specification document. Taking KT sessions from client on Application functionality and discuss with Business Analysts tointegrate new functionalities with existing systems. Utilize Oracle as back-end database and TOAD for querying. Utilize Log4j as logging mechanism and developed wrapper class to configure the logs. Utilize CVS, SVN, and GIT as Version control tool.https://www.indeed.com/r/Sai-Patha/981ba615ab108e29?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN Used Maven build scripts to create and deploy the release builds. Prepare the Functional and Technical Design documents. Module implementation and customization based on the Change Requests. Development and support for different releases before and after implementation of launch. Review the fellow developers' code as an exercise of internal code review. Carry out Configuration Management activities for projects. Carry out Weekly Status reporting activities such as MOM updates and health sheet generation. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Involved in client interactions for scoping,effortestimates and status reporting.WORK EXPERIENCEMule ESB Integration DeveloperCisco Systems - San Jose, CA -April 2017 to PresentProject: Extended Enterprise B2B TransformationResponsibilities Followed agile methodology and Scrum. Involved in application design and participated in technical meetings, Effort estimations,backloggrooming, I&A etc. Involved in analyzing, developing, troubleshooting, debugging, and optimizing ESB application. Involved in documenting and presenting designed technical solutions. Extensively used Anypoint studio to develop and design the business process. Implemented complex transformation Logics using MEL Building RESTful Web Services with Anypoint Platform for APIs Involved in data transformation and mapping using data weave Tested the business process in test mode for debugging Build and deployed using Anypoint studio, maven. Participating i n meeting and on-calls Code reviews and independent unit testing for components Manage code release deployment into development, SIT, OAT and production Error handling is properly done in all the business processesTechnologies: Mule Server 3.7 EE, Anypoint studio 5.4, cloud hub, Maven, core java, GIT, RAML,APIKit, SOAP 01, Postman, Agile, Jenkins.Mule Soft Team LeadCisco Systems - San Jose, CA -June 2016 to March 2017Project:FSMSResponsibilities: Followed agile methodology and Scrum. Involved in application design and participated in technical meetings, Effort estimations,backloggrooming, I&A etc. Gather requirements and planning on integration of oracle data base with cloud applicationsusingMule ESB. Tightly integrated applications using MULE ESB. Involved in implementing ESB flows, Proxies, logging and exception handling. Extensively used Mule ESB components like File Transport, SMTP Transport, FTP/SFTPTransport, JDBC Connector, JMS and Transaction Manager. Used TOAD for internal data storage and retrieval. Involved in setting up Connection pooling and used JMS for Asynchronous messaging. Setting up Mule ESB for the development environment. Developed application using Mule ESB and deployed the services in dev, test and prodenvironments. And also done with Unit testing using Test Utility. Migrated Mule ESB 3.7.0 apps to Mule ESB 3.8.4 Applied OAUTH authentication policy for API proxies Have integrated web services including SOAP as well as REST using Mule ESB. QA, UAT & Production issues investigation and supporting business users.Mule Soft Team LeadCisco Systems - San Jose, CA -August 2015 to May 2016Project: Bay Bridge RMA Services Design and implement the Mule ESB platform for Cisco. Design and implement the RESTful WS using RAML to interact with AI system and storing inC3 Database. Implemented the security for the SOAP and REST Web services using OAUTH and BasicAuthentication. Designed and developed the core modules, which pulls service request details from CSOneSystem. Design and developed common modules like Audit Logging, which can be used as a commonmodule and shared resources for all the applications. Designed the Exception handling for all the apps on Mule platform. Designed the Domain to share the resource like HTTP, HTTPS & DB connector references. Created flows for basic authentication and caching the token for OAUTH. Have carried out performance testing for the ESB flows for memory leakage and for fine-tuning. Worked with Mule team on some of the issue with performance on DB connector. Interacted with dependent teams (CSONE and PEGA) and came up with the design on theimplementation of the flows and architecture and design of services. Developed required back Java components. Reported and worked on DB connector Connection pool issues to Mulesoft. Reported and worked on MMC deployment issues with Mulesoft.Technologies: Java 1.8, Oracle11i Web Services, Mule ESB, Mule API Manager, XML, JSON,Anypoint Studio, Maven, GIT, SVN, ESB Servers.Technology AnalystCisco Systems - San Jose, CA -December 2013 to July 2015Project: OMLSS Understanding of the complete architecture of the system including boundary systems. Understand the client and project requirements by studying the existing documentation andseeking clarifications, if any, to participate efficiently in the Development and Testing phases ofthe project. Create program specifications, unit test plans for software programs by studying functionaland non-functional requirements, the application architecture document, and converting theassignedfunctionalities into pseudo code/algorithms/test cases. Develop code using knowledge of relevant technology as per design specifications anddocumentartifacts such as unit test scripts, etc. independently and support peers in identifying code defectsand ensuring that the output is as per the given specifications and SLAs. Perform testing - self and independent (Functional, Integration, System) - as per definedprocesses and guidelines to ensure accurate program output; identify and resolve defects, if any. Work on 'Go Live' activities as per the Implementation plan and manage any issues related tofunctionalities, user interface, performance, etc. that may arise. Respond to the issues assigned, conduct analysis of the issues assigned, identify and evaluatedifferent workarounds/ solution alternatives, implement the most optimal solution, support otherteam members on issue resolution in areas of expertise as required, manage stakeholdercommunication and close the issues assigned in order to ensure support availability as peragreedSLAs. Understand application architecture document and seek inputs from the architecture / designteam to understand the overall architecture IN ORDER TO provide deliverables that are in linewith architectural requirements.Technologies: Java 1.5, Web services, Oracle 11i, XML, Eclipse, HP Quality Center, SVN, Jenkins,uDeploy and uRelease.Sr.Software EngineerCisco Systems - San Jose, CA -June 2013 to November 2013Project: SPED IntegrationResponsibilities: Responsible for development of Oracle Interfaces and Mapping data as per requirements ofCiscoBrazil. Involved in the development of PL/SQL queries to fetch data from the oracle and insertion ofData into Synchro Open Interface tables. This is a very critical data reporting as the data is to bereported to the Government of Brazil by Cisco as per the Legal Procedures. He was involved in theDevelopment of Packages, Concurrent Programs and many other Custom functionalities as perthe Requirements. Experience in Cisco Quality Control process and Migration of Code into Different Environments. Implemented the PL/SQL based on the requirements of AP and RI modules.Technologies: PL/SQL, Oracle Applications (Financials), PVCS, Kintana, Toad.Software EngineerCisco Systems - San Jose, CA -April 2012 to May 2013Project: IT Creative Solutions (ITCS)Responsibilities: Understand the business process and build interactive online dashboards based on clientrequirement. Do the data modelling to hold the current data, to sustain future needs and drilldowns in thedashboards. Use dashboard building tools Xcelsius, Tableau to build interactive dashboards. Develop business layer to perform all the calculations used in dashboard. Do client interaction and communication to get required inputs. Participated in Client Demos and meetings.Technologies: SQL Server, Tableau, Xcelsius.Software EngineerArrow Electronics Inc -August 2011 to March 2012Project: Arrow Unity (Sales Work Bench)Responsibilities: Requirements gathering, designing, development and testing. Ownership of the deliverables. Involved in Post Production support for SWB application. Coding and testing for enhancements. Wrote Oracle PL/SQL Stored procedures, triggers, and views for backend database access. UAT Testing Support.Technologies: Unix, ExtJs, Pl/SqlEDUCATIONBachelor of Technology in TechnologyAmrita School of Engineering2007 to 2011SKILLSORACLE (3 years), JAVA (3 years), SOAP (2 years), Subversion (2 years), SVN (2 years)ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTECHNICAL SKILLS:Languages Java, Java Script, PL/SQL, SQL SERVER, HTML, XML,XSLTApplication Servers J Boss, Apache Tomcat, Web logic, IBM web sphereDatabases Oracle, SQL SERVERDevelopment Tools MVC, Singleton, Session Facade, DTO, DAO,Service LocatorSOA Restful Web Service, Soap web service, JAX-RS, XML, JSON, WSSecurity, Mule ESBIDE's/TOOLS Eclipse, Mule Anypoint StudioJava/J2EETechnologies Java, Servlets, JSP, JDBC, EJB, JMSProtocols HTTP, FTP, TCP/IPVersion Control tools CVS, SVN, GITBuild Tool Ant, MavenBug Tracking Tools HP Quality Center, RallyFrameworks Spring, Hibernate, Struts, Spring MVC, Micro Services, EJB, JMSOperating Systems Windows, UNIX, LINUX

Sai Vivek VenkatramanDecisive, Data driven and results-oriented professional offering13 years of experience in Infosys Limited handling and managingInformation Technology projects in Telecom domain with the last 3+years focused on Project Management.Chennai, Tamil Nadu - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sai-Vivek-Venkatraman/a009f49bfe728ad1for excellence in project delivery (2015 - 2016)Optimistic Project Manager with atotal experience of 13 years, TECHNOLOGY LEAD / ANALYSTaccomplished in prioritizing and INFOSYS LIMITED, INDIA & USAdelivering projects with competence. December 2008 - January 2015Data driven decision maker, creative  Key responsibilities included: Requirements Gatheringand elucidation,problem solver and a resilient Estimation, Defect Management & Warranty Support, Team /Resourcenegotiator with a remarkable Management, On-time Escalation, Status reporting and Clientunderstanding of business goals and engagementoperational methodologies.  Spear-headed the effort of making an entire suite of Consumerapplications Web Accessibility complaint based on a WCAG 2.0 andWAI-ARIA guidelines for one of the World's largest Telecom serviceWilling to relocate to: Pune, Maharashtra - Bengaluru, Karnataka - Chennai, Tamil NaduWORK EXPERIENCEProject Manager / Technology LeadInfosys Limited -February 2015 to Present Key responsibilities included: Project Scoping, Estimation, Resource Planning, Scheduling,Quality Planning & Management, Risk Planning & Mitigation, Defect Management & WarrantySupport, Team / Resource Management, Continuous evaluation and providing feedback throughappraisals, On-time Escalation, Status reporting and Client engagement. An ardent believer and practitioner of Data driven decision making; skilled in Business Analyticsand Intelligence encompassing Statisticalconcepts, Data Analysis, Data Visualization and Presentation, Predictive Modeling, ArtificialIntelligence and Machine Learning algorithms and basics of web scraping - Text/SentimentAnalytics. Adept in effectively contributing and handling all Agile ceremonies, have extensively workedon Waterfall model based projects as well. Proposed and Implemented Project and Process level improvement techniques which resultedin mitigating the risk and bringing back projectdelivery on-track. Independently managed and mentored a dynamic 30 member team.https://www.indeed.com/r/Sai-Vivek-Venkatraman/a009f49bfe728ad1?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INhttps://www.indeed.com/r/Sai-Vivek-Venkatraman/a009f49bfe728ad1?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN Winner of the Most Valuable Player Award in large engagement categoryProject Manager / Technology LeadInfosys Limited -February 2015 to Present- Key responsibilities included: Project Scoping, Estimation, Resource Planning, Scheduling,Quality Planning & Management, Risk Planning & Mitigation, Defect Management & WarrantySupport, Team / Resource Management, Continuous evaluation and providing feedback throughappraisals, On-time Escalation, Status reporting and Client engagement.- An ardent believer and practitioner of Data driven decision making; skilled in BusinessAnalytics and Intelligence encompassing Statistical concepts, Data Analysis, Data Visualizationand Presentation, Predictive Modeling, Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning algorithmsand basics of web scraping - Text/Sentiment Analytics.- Adept in effectively contributing and handling all Agile ceremonies, have extensively workedon Waterfall model based projects as well.- Proposed and Implemented Project and Process level improvement techniques which resultedin mitigating the risk and bringing back project delivery on-track.- Independently managed and mentored a dynamic 30 member team.- Winner of the Most Valuable Player Award in large engagement category for excellence in projectdelivery (2015 – 2016).Technology Lead / AnalystInfosys Limited Key responsibilities included: Requirements Gathering and elucidation, Estimation, DefectManagement & Warranty Support, Team / Resource Management, On-time Escalation, Statusreporting and Client engagement Spear-headed the effort of making an entire suite of Consumer applications Web Accessibilitycomplaint based on a WCAG 2.0 and WAI-ARIA guidelines for one of the World’s largest Telecomservice provider Working with diverse clients, across different cities in US resulted in enhancing customerrelationship. Exceptional client interfacing and engagement skills resulted in significant project expansionwhich included addition of two new applications to the suite of applications that we managed Winner of the Best Team Award in mid-size project category for excellence in Project execution(2014 – 2015)EDUCATIONPost Graduate Program in Business Analytics & Business Intelligence inBUSINESSGreat Lakes Institute Of Management - Chennai, Tamil Nadu2017 to 2018BACHELOR OF ENGINEERING in ELECTRONICS & COMMUNICATIONENGINEERINGAdhiparasakthi Engineering College (Anna University)2001 to 2005IBM JazzQuality Center (ALM)

Sameer KujurOrrisha - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sameer-Kujur/0771f65bfa7aff96WORK EXPERIENCEApp developMicrosoft -August 2016 to PresentEDUCATIONElectrical engineeringVSSUT,burlaSKILLSApplication Development, Software Testinghttps://www.indeed.com/r/Sameer-Kujur/0771f65bfa7aff96?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN

Samyuktha ShivakumarLooking for strategic opportunities in the field of marketingBangalore, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Samyuktha-Shivakumar/cabce09fe942cb85WORK EXPERIENCEMarketing Operations Specialist & Product MarketerThoughtWorks - Bengaluru, Karnataka -August 2012 to June 2016Product Marketer - GoCD, ThoughtWorks Studios Responsible for shaping the product marketing strategy of GoCD, an open source continuousdelivery product supported by ThoughtWorks Worked cross-functionally with product research and development, design, customer operationsand PR to deliver integrated go-to-market strategies for new app releases and product launches Led research initiatives analyzing behavioural metrics, driving and monitoring member insights,and owning competitive insights by using tools like Google Analytics Project headed the revamp of the GoCD website by working in tandem with the design anddevelopment team Established a consistent process to handle the launch of new product versions and ensured itworked on a recurring basis Worked with the development and management team to publish relevant content to the opensource community on a regular basis Built a strong digital marketing strategy and leveraged the use of several tools to stay on topthe product's online presence and reach:◦ BuzzSumo, Hootsuite, and Tweet Deck for social media marketing◦ Google Adwords for SEO◦ Buzzstream, Medium, Wistia and Quora for content marketingMarketing Operations Specialist - Global Marketing Planned and executed global marketing events to build email campaigns, target audience lists,communication collateral and follow-up processes Expert user of the marketing automation tool Marketo; worked with regional marketing teamsglobally to set up their systems from scratch Proactively worked on identifying new customer groups and developed optimal channels toreach them Led the creation and management of a marketing performance dashboard that reported onmarketing investment, conversion, and overall campaign performance Responsible for providing reliable and consistent metrics on the effectiveness of marketingcampaigns to stakeholders, and strategies to improve them Worked in tandem with the design team to develop email and landing page templates, andcreated relevant content for them Provided expertise and guidance about marketing automation best practices to globalmarketing teams by setting internal benchmarks, and ensuring high quality across all regionalcampaignshttps://www.indeed.com/r/Samyuktha-Shivakumar/cabce09fe942cb85?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INhttps://www.indeed.com/r/Samyuktha-Shivakumar/cabce09fe942cb85?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN Established an effective process for onboarding new users to Marketo, and developed therequired training material Co-ordinated with sales leads to develop an ongoing program that managed all stages of leaddevelopment, from cold nurtured inquiries to closed opportunities, ensuring timely follow-up onqualified leadsHighlights at ThoughtWorks: Successfully worked with marketing teams in US, UK, Australia, China, Brazil, South Africa andUganda Underwent training with expert Marketo consultants in San Mateo, USA Spoke at a number of internal conferences on the impact of marketing automation on businessand related topics Consistently recognised by management for working effectively with globally distributed teammembers and successfully completing campaignsMarketing SpecialistOracle - Bengaluru, Karnataka -June 2009 to July 2012Marketing Specialist – Hardware Programs Lead ♣ Designed and executed campaigns based on key industry trends and strategic marketopportunities♣ Developed innovative programs aligned to business requirements and sales priorities♣ Worked on campaign target lists, key messages, calls to action and success metrics♣ Aligned closely with stakeholders like Product Marketing, Field Marketing, Sales Consulting andSales Management teams to execute campaigns♣ Published regular reports on program results, highlighting patterns, growth trends, bestpractices and key learnings♣ Ensured sales team’s readiness through effective sales training and continually worked tooptimize processes Business Analyst - Channel Support Specialist ♣ Extended complete sales support to Oracle North America Alliances & Channel Sales team♣ Assisted Field Channel Managers in indirect deal closures with complete operations supportfrom order to cash♣ Primary point of contact to the four exclusive distributors of Oracle and other tier two partnersin the North America region♣ Managed the non-standard approval requests through Oracle’s unified approval chain♣ Supported Group Sales Director in identifying new growth areas & practices in line with salesstrategiesHighlights at Oracle: Was awarded the ‘Most Valuable Player’, an accolade given to the top performer of the team  Winner of an internal contest for achieving the highest SLA on a consecutive basis Instrumental in training the new hires and on-boarding them within a short span of time Recognised by senior management for being a key contributor to the sales teamAnalyst - OperationsTESCO - Bengaluru, Karnataka -June 2006 to November 2006♣ Worked as an analyst with the Accounts Payable team♣ Responsible for processing vendor invoicesEDUCATIONPost Graduate Diploma in Business Administration in Marketing andHuman ResourceMount Carmel Institute of Management - Bengaluru, KarnatakaJune 2007 to May 2009SKILLSProject Management, Product Marketing, Campaigns Management, Digital Marketing, SocialMedia Marketing, Marketing Operations, Content Marketing, Channels Operations, MarketoAdmin User, Microsoft Office, Cross Functional Marketing, Salesforce, Marketing Programs,Global Marketing, Marketo, TrainingLINKShttps://www.linkedin.com/in/samyuktha-shivakumar-85568213/ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONCurrently on a break to be with toddler child. Looking to get back to work now.https://www.linkedin.com/in/samyuktha-shivakumar-85568213/

Santosh GantaSenior Systems Engineer - mainframeBengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Santosh-Ganta/4270d63f03e71ee8Willing to relocate to: Bengaluru, Karnataka - hyderbad, Telangana - Chennai, Tamil NaduWORK EXPERIENCESenior Systems EngineerInfosys Limited - Chennai, Tamil Nadu -February 2014 to PresentDevelopment,Testing,SupportSenior system engineerInfosys limitedDevelopment,Testing,SupportEDUCATIONB.Tech in Information TechnologyGMR Institute of Technology and Management - Kakinada, Andhra Pradesh2013Pratibha Junior College2009English, HindiS.R high School - Chennai, Tamil Nadu2006SKILLSCA7 (4 years), DB2 (4 years), QMF (4 years), Cobol (4 years), Mainframe (4 years), Cics (4years), Rexx (4 years)ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Adopt to any kind of Environment.Technical Summaryhttps://www.indeed.com/r/Santosh-Ganta/4270d63f03e71ee8?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN Tools: ISPF, SPUFI, QMF, File-Aid, MainView, Librarian, CA7, Control-M, Xpeditor Operating System: Windows 7 Database: DB2, SQL Server Domain: Retail Packages: MS office Secondary Skills: Java Script, HTML, JSP, Java, Oracle 10g, Unix

Sarfaraz AhmadAssociate network engineer - TATA Communications LtdMuzaffarpur, Bihar - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sarfaraz-Ahmad/1498048ada755ac3Cisco Certified Internetwork Associate in Routing & Switching with progressive experience indeployment and administration of Network infrastructure. I am looking for opportunities to furtherimprove my abilities & skills in the field of Network and Security technologies. Professional 2.5 years of experience in network Implementation & Troubleshooting in local andremote environments. Well accented with the key IT skills in the domain of LAN/WAN/Network Security, installation &configuration of IT networks, maintenance & troubleshooting. Potential of handling multiple tasks easily and capable of meeting deadlines. Possess excellent interpersonal communications and organizational skills.WORK EXPERIENCEAssociate network engineerTATA Communications Ltd - Pune, Maharashtra -March 2017 to PresentDepartment: CMIP (IP Provisioning)Responsibilities:- Working on Alcatel Migration project for Tata Communications Ltd, responsible for provisioningand migrating customer services from Cisco (7200/7600) /Juniper (MX104) to Alcatel provideredge router (SR 7750) To carry out bulk migration and planned events of enterprise customers to enhance the networkcapabilities and compatibilities for new technologies. Responsible for carrying domestic as well as international customer services migrationactivities in bulk. Involving all other stakeholders responsible for end to end delivery of customerservices, to carry the successful migration. Parenting existing business switch ring with Alcatel Routers in combination with cisco routerswith the help of field Engineers and synchronizing vlan database on each switch. Shut the interface and protocol on Cisco Routers and un-shut the interface on Alcatel routersduring Migration activity. Comparing the results of pre-check and post-checks and revert the links to cisco that are notcoming Up on Alcatel or not compatible with cisco i.e. EIGRP. Troubleshooting and resolving the customer issues related to either at routing level such asEIGRP, OSPF, BGP, MPLS or at access level Post migration activity. Troubleshooting and managing LAN-to-LAN VPN on cisco router. Troubleshooting and managing GRE Tunnel on services Getaway. Configuration on cisco, juniper, Huawei switch creation Ether channel, VLAN, MSTP, QNQ,Dot1Q etc. Configuring and managing SVI interface on a Layer3 switch to provide inter VLAN routing. Configuration Line VTY on customer CISCO router.https://www.indeed.com/r/Sarfaraz-Ahmad/1498048ada755ac3?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN Configuration port security on customer hand up switch port. Troubleshooting end user network connectivity issue. Performing technical escalations in line with company policy. Accountable for customer review meetings weekly basis & giving feedback to the subordinateteam and Management. Responsible for any internal or external escalation (Customer's End) Focus on customer requirements and providing them strategic plans for backups, redundanciesand minimum downtimes under severe outages.Network engineerCisco - Mumbai, Maharashtra -August 2015 to February 2017Responsibilities/Achievement Experience in configuring and troubleshooting of routing protocols and Firewalls Backing up and Upgrading software on Cisco router, switches using TFTP server Troubleshooting end user network connectivity issue Experience in installing and configuring DHCP services on Cisco Router and Switch. Configuring and troubleshooting Ether channel/Port-channel issue Configuring and troubleshooting VLAN, VTP and STP. Configuring and managing BPDU guard and Filter on a switch Providing port security on switch interface Dealing with Dynamic routing protocol Such as EIGRP, OSPF and BGP Configuring and managing SVI interface on a Layer3 switch to provide inter VLAN routing Worked on networks with WAN protocols such as HDLC and PPP. Worked on Gateway Redundancy protocols such as HSRP on Cisco Router. Implemented traffic filters using Standard and Extended access-lists, Distribute-Lists, andRoute Maps. Installation, upgradation, Backup and restoration of checkpoint firewall Implemented rules, NAT, URL filtering on checkpoint firewall. Configuring and managing Rules and NAT on firewalls.EDUCATIONBachelor of Commerce in CommerceR.D.S COLLEGE - Bihar Sharif, BiharJuly 2013H.S.CDr. R.M.L.S COLLEGE - Bihar Sharif, Bihar2009S.S.C in G.N.H.SBihar School Examination Board - Patna, Bihar2007SKILLSBGP (2 years), EIGRP. (2 years), OSPF (2 years), security (2 years), vlan (2 years)ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTechnical SkillsNetwork Switching: CST, PVST, PVST+, RSTP and MST, VLAN, Private VLAN, Trucking, Inter-VLAN Routing,SPAN/RSPAN, Ether channel or Port Bundling using static and dynamic protocol (PAgP and LACP) FHRP: HSRP (V1 & V2), VRRP and GLBP. Routing: Configuration and Troubleshooting Layer 3 Routing protocols such as Static routing,floating routing, RIP, EIGRP, OSPF, BGP, VRF-Lite and MPLS.Data Security Checkpoint Firewall: FW Monitor, TCP-Dumps, Rules, NAT, IPsec VPN, Backup & Restore, URLfiltering, Installation, Migration, Upgradation, ClusterXL etc. ASA Firewall: Access Control Lists with object, Address Translation, IPsec VPN, LAN-to-LAN VPN,High Availability in Active-Active & Active-Standby Mode, Redundant interface, SLA Monitoring,Security Contexts. IOS Firewall: Standard and extended access list and Zone Based Firewall (ZBF), DMVPN, IPsec,IPsec over GRE.Services Services: ARP, GARP, RARP, DNS, DHCP, FTP, TFTP, TCP, ICMP, TELNET, SSH, HTTP, HTTPS. IPSLA, NTP, SNMPAreas of Interest To perform troubleshooting and network performance planning. To implement enterprise level network architectures.

Senthil KumarSenior Technical Lead - HCL Cisco- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Senthil-Kumar/d9d82865dd38d449 Result oriented Networking Professional with 11 years' experience intesting network products diversified skills includes testing ACI SDN fabric,UCSD orchestration, Routing and Switching: design, deploy andtroubleshoot customer network Extensive knowledge of Testing and Deploying network test plans,protocols, Strategies and Lab Setup. In-depth knowledge of ACI fabric, Routing and switching protocols Proven communication skills and the ability to troubleshoot and solvenetwork issues Skilled in providing support in various networking testing activities toprovide effective support and handling of customer escalation and forensuring timely and effective supportWORK EXPERIENCESenior Technical LeadHCL Cisco - Bengaluru, Karnataka -October 2015 to PresentProject Title: Feature testing and Deployment on ACI fabric for Cisco IT and UCSD ACI Fabric deployment in single POD and Multi-POD environment Deployed Cisco ACI Multi-Site Controller with ACI fabric for Testing stretchedEPG's between Data centers Deployed Cisco IT replica Setup in Local Lab Handling Cisco IT customer network and pre-deployment of image testing before handing toCISCO IT Customer End to end testing of Cisco IT test bed, upgrade and downgrade of Variousimages Configured SDN Controller (APIC) Decommissioned and Commissioned in Cluster Configured UCS manager APIC upgrade downgrade, Cisco Nexus 9k leaf spine downgrade upgrade testing. Bring up ACI leaf and spine fabric with UCS fabric interconnect Implementation of VMware DVS and Cisco AVS in Esxi host and tested the AVSfunctionality Tested redundancy testing on leaf, spine and fabric interconnect Communicated inconsistencies between System Specifications and Test Resultsto development and/or analyst team Involved in Defect Review meetings escalating and prioritizing issues effectively Experience in implementation of VMware Infrastructure 5.5 / 6.0 Managed Virtualization environment using VMware EXI 5.5/6.0, Vcenter 5.5/6.0 Creating and Managing virtual machines and Templateshttps://www.indeed.com/r/Senthil-Kumar/d9d82865dd38d449?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN Migration of VM using Vmotion between Clusters Configured Windows iSCSI SAN and integrated to VMware Testing Cisco APIC with UCSD integration with Multi Site ControllerTechnical LeadAricent Cisco -July 2012 to September 2015Client Cisco SystemsProject Title: Feature testing and Deployment on CISCO CARRIER PACKETTRANSPORT Worked on EFT with Bharti Telecom and China Telecom Demo for 9.7 rings features Conducting the Dev-test activities for CTP for Rings 9.7 feature. Bring up new setup, Written test cases for CPT 50 Ring feature to test REP and also to validate MPLS TP and P2MPEVC Tested MPLS TP, single segment and multi-segment Pseudowire, P2MP EVC, REPfeatures. Tested EVC P2MP type on that carried out Single tag, Double tab of 802.1q and Dot1ad Based on Cisco Resilient Ethernet Protocol feature CPT 9.7 testing is carried out. Created open and closed end segment for REP topology and tested Rings CTP 9.7 feature Tested Mac learning, aging, flushing and limiting features Tested multiple frame size and JUMBO frame verification with MPLS TP Tested Link Aggregation verification with MPLS TP Tested Memory Backup verification with fully loaded CPT configuration Hardware redundant Plug in and Plug out Circuit Pack test and High availability testingfor CTP 600 Network Protection verification testing with MPLS TP working LSP and Protected LSP Tested DHCP Snooping Tested EVC P2MP type on that carried out Single tag, Double tab of 802.1q and Dot1ad Tested Mac learning, aging and limiting features Supporting customer queries for the productTechnical LeadAricent Group -December 2011 to June 2012Client KeyMile Germany Conducting the Dev-test activities for Eth-Sys series switch. Bring up new setup,preparation of FT test plan, derive test estimate for the Release. Tested the various images submitted by release -ops team Carried out manual testing on Vlan 802.1Q ( Mac aging, Mac flooding, Tag and untag)using SNMP mib browser and Aricent ISS Written test cases for RSTP and MSTP features and tested it. Debug the failures by configuring the test bed manually and filing the defectsTechnical Lead (HCL)Client Cisco Systems -January 2010 to December 2011Cisco 12000 GigabitSwitching Router) Performed the Role of Technical lead for a team member size of 4 Test the various images submitted by release -ops team Carried out manual testing of Connection Server (HSRP) and OSPF features to verifythe functionality Tested OSPF point to point and Broadcast network Bring up new setup, prepare test plan, derive test cases and execute the test cases Debug the failures by configuring the test bed manually and filing the defects Interact & co-ordinate with Dev-test and Development team to review the CFD's and scriptcoverage. Find defects through manual testing and verify the defects Analyze both internal and externally found defects and come up with a plan to reduce thedefects missed out in the scripts.Test Lead (HCL)Client Cisco Systems -May 2007 to December 2011Virtualization) Performed the Role of lead for a team member size of 5 Image testing on ACE module and ACE 4710 Appliance. Coordinating with onsite/offsite teams in resolving the defects found when performingTesting. Given white paper & Presentation document in ACE High Availability and SecuringACE 4710 with ACS server Test Plan writing, reviewing and planning test strategies. Peer to Peer Reviews to avoid Post Delivery Defects Lab Test Bed creation and Infrastructure Maintenance Configured High Availability of ACE Module, ACE Appliance and ANM Servers Configured End to End traffic Load balancing of Data center using the ACE 4710, ACEmodule and CSM devices Deployed different topologies NAT, Routed and Bridged for End to End traffic Loadbalancing of Data centerLab AdministratorHCL Cisco - Chennai, Tamil Nadu -May 2003 to June 2007Key responsibility is to perform CISCO Network LAB AdministrationEDUCATIONB.Tech in Computer Science in Computer ScienceDr MGR University Chennai - Chennai, Tamil NaduSKILLSCPT (3 years), Data Center (4 years), Ethernet (3 years), testing (10+ years), Virtualization (7years)LINKShttp://www.linkedin.com/in/senthil-kumar-9600101bADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSkillsVirtualization VMware-VSphere, DVS, Cisco AVS, CiscoACESDN Cisco Application Centric Infrastructure(ACI)L2/L3 Protocols OSPF, EIGRP, MPLS, VLAN, VXLAN,STP, RSTP, VPCMetro Ethernet Protocols Carrier Ethernet protocols EVC, MPLS TP,PsudoWire, REPTraffic Generation Tools Traffic tools IXIA Iexplore and Smart BitTesting Tools Wireshark and MIB BrowserNetwork Products Cisco SDN ACI FabricVMWare 5.5 and 6.0Cisco UCSD OrchestrationCarrier Ethernet devices (CPT […]Cisco Metro Ethernet 2600Cisco routers GSR 12000, 7600Data center Virtualization using the ACENexus 5k and ACI 9K switchesCat 6500 and 3550 Switcheshttp://www.linkedin.com/in/senthil-kumar-9600101b

Shabnam SabaOffshore SAP CRM Functional ConsultantBengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Shabnam-Saba/dc70fc366accb67fTo understand the organization and to identify its needs and correlate them with my goals so asto apply myself to responsibility with total dedication and dynamism so as to grow along withthe organization.Past Organization: Tata Consultancy Services as SAP CRM functional consultant (July 2014 - Jan2016), SAP Labs, India (from Feb 2011-June 2014), Cognizant Technology Solutions (May 2010-October 2010)WORK EXPERIENCEOffshore SAP CRM Functional ConsultantSAP AG -July 2014 to January 2016Description: The project involves SAP IT support with respect to AGS and SAP Cloud Process .SAPIT support involves handling incident and service requests from SAP CRM users and customersacross the globe.Responsibilities: Problem Analysing and Handling Tickets of SAP CRM (AGS and Cloud process) Handling incident and providing solution with in SLA time frame. Configuring the system to resolve the issues. Worked on changes to the functional specifications required as per the clientsrequirement. Preparing test cases and taking approval from client before moving new changes to production. Coordinated with the technical team in solving the tickets.Quality EngineerSAP Labs -July 2002 to January 2014Responsibilities:Worked in configuring and testing different areas of Framework: Nav. Bar profile Role Config key Business Roles and UI Config tool Creating A Business RoleFunctional Consultanthttps://www.indeed.com/r/Shabnam-Saba/dc70fc366accb67f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INSAP Labs -March 2012 to June 2013Description:Mobile Client Technology is client technology designed for Microsoft Windows-based, occasionallyserver-connected CRM field applications. These applications offer a rich function set, such asSAP CRM Mobile Sales and SAP CRM Mobile Service. Mobile Sales for SAP CRM allows users toaccess all their accounts, contacts, leads, opportunities, and activities from a single point. Allrelationships between these business objects are automatically mapped in the application, whichallows for fast and easy navigation.Responsibilities:Testing the various business objects:Opportunities, Quotation, Sales orders, Activities.Worked on system set up (creation of sites, subscriptions), opportunity, quotation, ordermanagement.5. CRM Sales ( CRM 7.01, CRM 7.02, CRM 7.03) -Feb '2011-June 2014Client: SAP Labs IndiaRole: Functional ConsultantDescription:This area in SAP Customer Relationship Management (SAP CRM) enables you to manage yoursales cycle, starting with creating appointments and business opportunities, through to managingsales orders, contracts, and invoicing. It also allows you to organize and structure your salesterritories according to your business requirements.Responsibilities:Was involved in customizations and testing of: Territory management Account and contact management Activity management, visit Planning opportunity planning, opportunity management quotation and order management Pricing Organizational Management and Billing Customizations of SurveysEDUCATIONB.E in CSEPadmanava College of Engineering2009St. Joseph's convent school2003SKILLSCRM (10+ years), CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT (10+ years), TESTING (10+ years),UI (10+ years), USER INTERFACE (10+ years)ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONOther Skills:CRM Middleware: Worked on downloading initial and delta download between ECC and CRM,CRM and MSA. Monitoring middleware data between ECC and CRM. Monitoring Queues and error handling of BDocs. Worked on subscriptions and Publications, Replication Objects.SAP ECC Sales and Distribution: Strong Understanding of SAP Customizing and Detailed knowledge of core SD functions suchas Item Categories, Text Determination, output determination, taxes Customer Master and Material Master data, item proposal, variant configuration, Producthierarchy Sales document types (Orders, Returns, CMR, DMR) Billing and Pricing concept, worked on bill plans Sales Enterprise structure Copy control, Incompletion log, Material listing and Exclusion Partner determination, Customization of Account groups Worked with cross-functional teams during development and configuration activities to ensureimpact to other SAP modules and processes is considered.SAP CRM Skills: CRM Sales and Service order management (Extensive experience in configuration for TextDetermination Procedures, Status Profile, Org. Data Determination and Transaction Types) SAP Fiori (creation of test data and application testing in different landscapes including browsertesting) SAP Mobile Sales (creation of test data and system set up) Well versed in base customizing and WEBUI configuration along with CRM Tables. Hands on experience in CRM middleware (creation of sites, subscription, publication, checkingbdocs, idocs, download objects) and trouble shooting. In depth knowledge in CRM One Order Framework. Extensive experience in the configuration of Web UI for multiple Business Roles, Actions,Navigation Bar Profile.Competencies and Skills: CR-100 (BP, Product, Org model, Partner/Text determination, Transaction type, Item categories,Territory) CR-300 CRM Mobile Sales CRM Middleware Basics Basic Debugging (ABAP) Knowledge on Idocs (set-up, filtration, reprocessing)Testing: Experience in SAP CRM Module (sales and service) with testing Good understanding of application testing process. Coordinated with SAP CRM technical team members to understand testing functionalities Written Test cases for different CRM modules (Account Management, opportunity, activitymanagement, sales order creation) Sales & Service. Managed issue logs / defects and subsequent closures.Basic Debugging:Knowledge of ABAP Debugging, Basic ABAP (Tables, data elements, Working with TableMaintenance Generator, Creating a Transaction Variant, Creating an SAP Area Menus, Find theSAP IMG Customizing Activity from the Table Name, basic knowledge of Smartforms)

Shaheen UnissaSAP ABAP ConsultantHyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Shaheen-Unissa/c54e7a04da30c354 Having 8 years of experience in IT industry as SAP ABAP Developer. Shewas involved in multiple projects viz. 3 Live Cycle Implementations of SAP andworked on Rollout Project (Federal Mogul) . Worked in end to end implementationproject MPT (Mormugao Port Trust), GOA at client location and also offshore at punefor MPT. She has worked on end to end implementation project with client Etisalat on SRMserver. She has worked for GE (General Electric Company) Support Project and Acelor Mittalend to end implementation project at offshore Hyderabad. She has worked for NNIT (Novo Nordisk) and M.R.S oil and gas company at offshoreHyderabad. She has worked on Windows 98, 2000, windows vista platforms. Worked for MPT (Mormugao Port Trust) at client location GOA for 7 months which isAn end to end implementation so got an good exposure in port operating system.Organization Designation DurationTech Mahindra Limited, Hyderabad, India. Sr. Software Engineer May/2008 - May/2016WORK EXPERIENCESAP ABAP ConsultantAcelorMittal -March 2015 to April 2016Project Description:ArcelorMittal is the world's leading steel and mining company. Guided by a philosophy to producesafe, sustainable steel, it is the leading supplier of quality steel products in all major marketsincluding automotive, construction, household appliances and packaging. ArcelorMittal is presentin 60 countries and has an industrial footprint in 19 countries.Contribution: Developed reports both interactive and classical. Developed interactive reports. Developed LSMW to upload material master data. Developed LSMW to upload vendor master data. Developed LSMW to upload Purchase info records. Developed Smartform to print sales order confirmation. Developed Smartform to print purchase order details. Developed Smartform to print Invoice details.Handled error in workflow.https://www.indeed.com/r/Shaheen-Unissa/c54e7a04da30c354?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INhttps://www.indeed.com/r/Shaheen-Unissa/c54e7a04da30c354?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INSAP Modules/ Tools: PP, MM and SD.ConsultantSAP ABAP - BADI, MADHYA PRADESH, IN -October 2012 to February 2015Project Description:Etisalat is the Middle East's leading telecommunications operator and one of the largestcorporations in the six Arab countries of the Gulf Cooperation Council, with a market value ofapproximately Dh81 billion (US$22 billion) and annual revenues of over Dh32.9 billion (US$9billion)A multinational, blue-chip organization, Etisalat has operations in 15 countries in the Middle East,Africa and Asia. Nearly 42, 000 people are directly employed by the company.Etisalat's international acquisition program began in earnest in 2004 when it won the secondmobile license - the first third-generation (3G) mobile license - in Saudi Arabia. Since then, thecompany has witnessed rapid expansion that has positioned it as one of the world's fastestgrowing operators, with subscribers rocketing around 3, 475 per cent from four million in 2004to 141 million in2013.Contribution: Developed class using methods to increase the RFx number ranges based on opco code andadding prefix for portal system in SRM server. Developed class with methods to get the details of supplier profile and updating the same incustom table and generating a email notification to the vendor manager using web dynpro forportal system in SRM server. Developed a smartform for purchase order in SRM server. Modified standard smartform for Bid bond invitation form "BBP_ BID_INVITATION" adding coverletter as first page. Implemented a BADI "BBP_OUTPUT_CHANGE_SF" to trigger the Bid bond smartforms based onopco code. Implemented a BADI "BBP_DOC_CHANGE_BADI" to change the purchase organization andpurchase group based on opco code. Developed a class to download multi excel sheet to transfer the data from SRM to CLM onpresentation server as well as in CLM server. Developed a class for generating mail for RFX responses rejected.ConsultantSAP ABAP -December 2011 to March 2012Project Description:M.R.S. Oil and Gas Company Limited distribute and supplies petroleum products. It offerskerosene and gas oils. The company was founded in January 1998 and is based in Lagos, Nigeria.M.R.S. Oil and Gas Company Limited operate as a subsidiary of MRS Group. The company hasacquired a total of 426 fuel stations spread across the country and plans were on course towardbranding more filling stations.Contribution: Developed smartforms for Bank Wire Transfers for MRS Oil Nigeria. (a) Payment made inNigerian Naira - Local Payment. (b) Payment made in USD to Local Vendors. (c) Payment madein Foreign Currency to Foreign Vendor. Developed a smartform to print the Request for Quotation as per client Requirement. Developed a smartform for Physical Inventory is used to conduct physical stock counts instorage locations in order to check book inventory to physical inventory (MI01) Developed a smartform for Operational Work Clearance Document in work clearancemanagement. Developed smartform for work permit.SAP Modules/ Tools: PP, MM, PM, SD and IS-Oil.ConsultantSAP ABAP -July 2011 to November 2011Project Description:ArcelorMittal is the worlds leading steel company, with operations in more than 60 countries.ArcelorMittal is the leader in all major global steel markets, including automotive, construction,household appliances and packaging, with leading technology, as well as sizeable captivesupplies of raw materials and outstanding distribution networks. In 2010, ArcelorMittal hadrevenues of $78.0 billion and crude steel production of 90.6 million tonnes, representingapproximately 8 per cent of world steel output.Contribution: Developed Quality Claims Report for purchase orders for which whole cycle is done and alsoat sales distribution side. Developed a Zbapi for portal to display the data in portal from different tables.SAP Modules/ Tools: PP, MM, PM and SD.ConsultantSAP ABAP - Bangalore, Karnataka -October 2010 to June 2011GE employees over 13, 000 people in India. It exports over $1 billion in products and services.Contribution: Handling HPSD tickets as well as GMR tickets. Modified existing production summary report which gives shop performance for past fiscalweeks. It also gives data regarding the current shop situation and expected outcome for theupcoming quarter. Modified induction slot module pool program to display the comments entered in productionstatus report for a given project. Modified life limited parts smart form which gives the list of LLP information for each Engine. Thisform compiles the Outgoing Shop Visit Documentation Pack for the customer for each Engine/Module shop visit and the audience will be outgoing customer records business users from theDocumentation department. Modified cost accumulation invoicing process to upload file for billing request.SAP Modules/ Tools: SAP ECC 6.0 PMConsultantSAP ABAP -May 2010 to September 2010Project Description:Novo Nordisk is a Healthcare company and a world leader in diabetes care. Since 1923, NovoNordisk has been committed to providing the best possible solutions for people with diabetes andtheir caregivers. Novo Nordisk products and services help millions of people worldwide bettermanage their condition with the broadest diabetes product portfolio in the industry, including themost advanced products within the area of insulin delivery systems, other treatment areas likehaemophilia and chronic inflammation. Novo Nordisk is a world leader in diabetes care.Contribution: Reviewing and auditing the enhancements, reports, bi developments, interfaces and forms andmigrating them from Lotus notes to Solution manager. Used an USER EXIT SAPMF02K in program ZXF05U01 for validating vendor tax number range. Completing the Technical Specifications. Creation of Handling over documentationConsultantSAP ABAP - Marmagao, Goa -October 2008 to April 2010Project Description:Mormugao Port Trust (MPT), GOA is end to end implementation project. MPT is one of the leadingport in India from 1962.Mormugao Port, GOA is the premier iron ore exporting Port of Indiawith an annual throughput of around 27.33 million tonnes of iron ore traffic. Though ore is thepredominant cargo, there has been a steady increase in liquid bulk and general cargo traffic eversince it's joining the ranks of the Major Ports of India.Contribution: Developed Customized screens for Container Maintenance for Port Operating System (POS)based on service order number and vessel number, fetching the Import containers details fromIW33 for this containers estimating and re-estimating for the new containers added and creatingthe sales order with reference to the quotation number and extension of sales order bapi hasdone. Developed Customized screens for Goods Movement (IN) for Port Operating System (POS) goodsinward has to be done for MOHP plot and displaying the Stock Details. Developed customized screens for Barge unloading for MOHP (Mechanical ore hydraulic power)as per MPT users as well as Agents of MPT. Development of ALV Grid report to display the Warranty of the Equipment which is going toexpire in the given period or month. Developed Classical report to display the Vessel Shifted from different Berths during theTurnaround period. Developed a smart form to display the arrival status of vessels for the given period of time. Implemented User Exit MV45AFZZ for SD module to calculate the Penal rent based on daysof start of period and billing to be done for every 10 days Routine - Created Routine-920 in SDmodule RV61A920 to calculate the % as per number of days Created a batch input program to upload Plant Maintenance Task List for long text tcode IA05. Property: Used Standard function module 'BAPI_RE_PR_CREATE' to transfer Property masterdata from legacy system to R/3 system for Real Estate through 'REBDPR'. -Building: UsedStandard function module 'BAPI_RE_BU_CREATE' to transfer Building master data from legacysystem to R/3 system for Real Estate through 'REBDBU'. -Contract: Used Standard functionmodule 'BAPI_RE_CN_CREATE' to transfer Contract master data from legacy system to R/3system for Real Estate through 'RECN'. -Rental object: Used Standard function module'BAPI_RE_RO_CREATE' to transfer Rental Object master data from legacy system to R/3system for Real Estate through 'REBDRO'. -Business Partner: Used Standard function module'BAPI_BUPA_CREATE_FROM_DATA' to Create partners and 'BAPI_BUPA_ROLE_ADD_2' to createRolls for the partners from the file on legacy system to R/3 system for Real Estate.SAP Modules/ Tools: SAP ECC 6.0 SD, MM, FICO, PM, RE, POSSAP ABAP Consultant8 Federal Mogul -October 2007 to September 2008Project Description:Federal-Mogul Corporation is an innovative and diversified $6.3 billion global supplier of qualityproducts, trusted brands and creative solutions to the automotive, light commercial, heavy-dutytruck, off-highway, agricultural, marine, rail and industrial markets. The 45, 000 people of Federal-Mogul located in 35 countries drive excellence in all they do.Contribution: Development of ALV Hierarchical report to display the backorders that are cancelled bycustomers and updates the database as "BC". An ALV report to display the Monthly Earned rebateaccrued by month for all the active programs in SAP for the Sales organizations selected. Creation of the BDC for loading Return orders cancelled by customers in Sales order. Developed smartform for Certificate of origin and export invoice. Modified standard smartform of PO layout changeSAP Modules/ Tools: SD, MM, PP, OTCEDUCATIONB-TECHJAWAHARLAL NEHRU TECHNOLOGICAL UNIVERSITY2005ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSAP Skills Classical and Interactive Reports BDC's, LSMW, BAPI, BADI, User Exits Data Dictionary objects Dialog Programming ALE/ IDOCS SAP Scripts, Smart Forms Possess hands on skill set on SD & MM modules. Experience on Unit testing (UT), functional testing (FT), UAT scripts and regressionTesting Worked on SAP webdynpro applications. Worked on SRM server. Worked on Abap Workflow.

Sharan Adla- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sharan-Adla/3a382a7b7296a764 Having 4yrs. of solid work experience in designing experiences for Digital (Web, Mobile) andPrint media Hands-on experience with tools such as Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, andDreamweaver Experience in creating low/high-detailed annotated wireframes, and user flows for applicationsusing prototyping tools Having good knowledge on developing use cases, user stories, & personas Hands-on experience with HTML5 & CSS3, including cross-browser compatibility Hands-on experience in creating RWD (Responsive Web-Design) layouts Having good exposure on Marketing and Health Care domains Good knowledge on marketing automation tool Eloqua Hands-on experience on version control tool SVN Quick learner, self-driven, problem-solver, highly motivated team player and ability to quicklyadapt to new trends and technologies Excellent written and verbal communication skills to engage clients and the teamcollaboratively Having good leadership and team management skillsWORK EXPERIENCESpecialist II, Marketing-March 2017 to Present2017 Worked as Software Engineer with Prolifics Corporation Limited from Dec' 2015 to Sept' 2016 Worked for National Informatics Centre under multiple payrolls from Apr' 2014 to Oct' 2015 Worked as an Inter Trainee under National Informatics Center as a Web Designer from Sept'2013 to Apr' 2014Skill SetSoftware: Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign, Adobe Illustrator,Adobe Dreamweaver, MS PowerPointMarketing Team-November 2017 to November 2017Courses and Certifications Currently a member and pursuing multiple user experience related certification courses from"The Interaction Design Foundation"Marketing Automation Toolhttps://www.indeed.com/r/Sharan-Adla/3a382a7b7296a764?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INOracle Eloqua -2010 to 2010Web Technologies: HTML (5), CSS (3)Front End Framework: Twitter BootstrapAwards and Recognitions SPARKLE Award - Certificate of Appreciation - Oct 2017 Award of appreciation for outstanding performance and contribution towards development ofseveral digital assets & microsites for OOW 2017EDUCATIONBachelors in Computer ScienceM. V. G. R College of Engineering - Vizianagaram, Andhra PradeshDecember 2008MPC subjectGowtham Jr. College - Vijayawada, Andhra PradeshAugust 2006SSCVignan Vidyalayam High School - Visakhapatnam, Andhra PradeshLINKShttps://behance.net/sharanadlahttps://www.linkedin.com/in/sharanadlahttps://behance.net/sharanadlahttps://www.linkedin.com/in/sharanadla

Shreyanshu GuptaSoftware Development Engineer with 6 months of experience in Java, C,Velocity, Web Development at Amazon Development Centre.Bangalore, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Shreyanshu-Gupta/6bd08d76c29d63c7Self-Motivated and Hardworking Computer Science student seeking to apply my skills and in theprocess, developprofessionally.Willing to relocate: AnywhereWORK EXPERIENCESoftware Development EngineerAmazonInterned at Amazon Development Centre for 6 months 2017Projects did during Internship Blog Migration from TypePad to Amazon- Amazon owns a blog omnivoracious.com which is used to improve the book sales inamazon.com. It wasrecently hosted in a 3rd party blogging platform TypePad.- The project required to find a platform which satisfies all the requirements and transfer allTypePad contentto the Amazon-owned platform maintaining the functionalities and compatibility.- Used Velocity Templating Language, Java, Amazon Tools and Many Blogging Platforms. Mobile Widget Disparity- Due to some recent changes in Amazon configuration, there was a content disparity betweenbookdescription of mobile and desktop in millions of products.- The project required to find the reason for disparity and then find a solution that doesn’t affectotherfeatures & is also expandable.- Used Java, configuration files, and Amazon Tools. Physical to Amazon Video Conversion- To promote Amazon Video Over Physical Video source (DVD, Blu Ray), certain features werecreated likePopup Window and messages above Add to Cart button.- This project required to create UI for each of the features and check whether it satisfies all thecriteria.- Used Java, JSP, configuration files and bean creation.https://www.indeed.com/r/Shreyanshu-Gupta/6bd08d76c29d63c7?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INhttps://www.indeed.com/r/Shreyanshu-Gupta/6bd08d76c29d63c7?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INEDUCATIONB.Tech in Computer ScienceKalinga Institute of Industrial TechnologyJuly 2013 to April 2017SKILLSANDROID (Less than 1 year), Git (Less than 1 year), HTML (Less than 1 year), PHP (Less than1 year), SQL (Less than 1 year), Java (Less than 1 year), C, Velocity (Less than 1 year), C++,Database Management (Less than 1 year)LINKShttps://www.linkedin.com/in/shreyanshu-gupta-135176103/CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSESOnline Content WriterJuly 2016 to PresentWas Online Content Writer for Greymeter.com.Android Application DevelopmentJune 2015 to PresentLearned to create basic Android Apps using Eclipse and Android Studio.PUBLICATIONSBlog Migration from TypePad to Amazonhttps://www.amazonbookreview.comJuly 2017Amazon owns a blog amazonbookreview.com which is used to improve the book sales inamazon.com. It was recently hosted in a 3rd party blogging platform TypePad.- The project required to find a platform which satisfies all the requirements and transferall TypePad content to the Amazon owned platform while maintaining its functionalities andcompatibility.- Used Velocity Templating Language, Java, Amazon Tools and Many Blogging Platforms.Mobile Widget DisparityJuly 2017https://www.linkedin.com/in/shreyanshu-gupta-135176103/https://www.amazonbookreview.com- Due to some recent changes in Amazon configuration files, there was content disparity betweenbook description of mobile and desktop in millions of products.- The project required to find the reason for disparity and then find a solution that doesn’t affectother features & is also expandable.- Used Java, configuration files and Amazon Tools.Physical to Amazon Video ConversionJuly 2017- To promote Amazon Video Over Physical Video source (DVD, Blu Ray), certain features werecreated like Popup Window and messages above Add to Cart button.- This project required to create UI for each of the features and check whether it satisfies all thecriteria.- Used Java, JSP, configuration files and bean creationADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTECHNICAL SKILLS Programming language: C, SQL, Core Java, Android, Velocity Web Development - PHP, Basic knowledge of HTML Basic knowledge of GIT Version Control System

Shrishti ChauhanHave total work experience of 2.5 years on Oracle Fusion Middleware -SOA, WebLogic and MFT Module.Bilaspur, Chhattisgarh - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Shrishti-Chauhan/89d7feb4b3957524Seeking to hone and enhance my technical skills in Oracle Fusion Middleware while working asa professional in challenging and goal oriented environment.Willing to relocate to: Bengaluru, KarnatakaWORK EXPERIENCETechnical ConsultantOracle - Bengaluru, Karnataka -October 2015 to Present Have total work experience of 2.5 years on Oracle Fusion Middleware - SOA, WebLogic andMFT Module. Have extensively worked on Support, Testing, Cloning, Monitoring and Maintenance supportand Enhancement for the E-Commerce Project with multi system module. Have good understanding on End-to-End Business Process. Experience in developing and deploying BPEL Processes using technology adapters (DBAdapter, File Adapter, FTP Adapter and JMS Adapter). Part of a team for developing a BPEL process to integrate Oracle Fusion Applications. ThisOrchestrated BPEL Process had process activities like data conversion, transformation and faulthandling. Developed and deployed BPEL processes to import sales order and add lines to the sales orderimported from external sources (Files and Databases) into Order Orchestration Module. Worked on BPEL process to create sales order within Order Orchestration Module using SOAPUIand Enterprise Manage. Have good understanding on Synchronous and Asynchronous processes, Transformations, XSD,XSLT and XPath Installation of Middle tier application server (SOA Suite 11g), configuring and deployingapplication adapters and integrating with other ERP or 3rd Party Services. Working with the client team and communicating with the business teams regarding integrationwith external Delivery System.https://www.indeed.com/r/Shrishti-Chauhan/89d7feb4b3957524?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INhttps://www.indeed.com/r/Shrishti-Chauhan/89d7feb4b3957524?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN As an Oracle Technical Consultant I was responsible for providing End-to-End support in theproject for Oracle Fusion Middleware. Good understanding of Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) with the middleware technologiesfor application integration.Technical ConsultantOracleHave total work experience of 2.5 years on Oracle Fusion Middleware - SOA, WebLogic and MFTModule.EDUCATIONC.S.CHHATTISGARH SWAMI VIVEKANANDA TECHNICAL UNIVERSITY2011 to 2015SKILLSXml, Oracle MFT, Core Java, Oracle SOA, WSDL, ODIADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTECHNICAL SKILL SETERP Packages Oracle Fusion Middleware and Oracle Fusion Application (DOO/GOP)Fusion Middleware Modules Oracle SOA, MFT and Web Logic (11G and 12C Version)Adapters Database, JMS, FTP and FileTools JDeveloper, Enterprise Manager, Administrative Console, SOAP UI and BI PublisherProgramming Languages XML, C++ and Core JavaDatabases SQLOperating System Unix and WindowsPROJECT DETAILSProject Client HOLTS RENFREWRole & Duration Technical Consultant Oct-15Scope of Project Oracle Fusion Middleware 11G and Oracle Fusion Application R12Project DescriptionHolt Renfrew is 180 years old chain of high-end Canadian department stores specializing in anarray of luxury brands and designer boutiques.Responsibilities Worked as Technical Consultant to the customer for the issues related to Oracle SOA (mainlyBPEL and Mediator Components). Providing daily Server Health Check for SOA and DOO/GOP (SCM) to the customer. Attending/Conducting weekly customer calls and providing an update about the progress ofthe issues. Interacting with the Clients to understand the requirement and details of the issues andproviding suggestions/answers to their queries. Resolving technical issues and enhancement raised by the customer. Reviewing work products from the Team Members and delivering products to the client on timewith high quality. RCA for the Complex Issues in client's version of Oracle SOA and SCM. Partially worked on functional issues related to DOO/GOP - Order Management and InventoryManagement. Working effectively with Oracle Product Support for any issue related to Standard Functionality.Project Client WHITBREAD PLCRole & Duration Technical Consultant SEPT-17Scope of Project Oracle Fusion Middleware 12C and Oracle SAASProject DescriptionWhitbread PLC is the UK's largest hospitality company, owning Premier Inn and Costa Coffee, aswell as Beefeater, Brewers Fayre, and Bar Block.Responsibilities Worked as Technical Consultant to the customer for the issues related to Oracle SOA and MFT. Monitoring Critical Process and fixing the concurrent process running on SOA, MFT and ODI. Worked on developing and executing Integration Regression Test Script. Developing Application Understanding Documents for the Standard functionalities. Interacting with the Clients to understand the requirement and details of the issues andproviding suggestions/answers to their queries. Resolving technical issues and enhancement raised by the customer. Reviewing work products from the Team Members and delivering products to the client on timewith high quality. RCA for the Complex Issues in client's version of Oracle SOA and SCM. Working effectively with Oracle Product Support for any issue related to Standard Functionality. Co-ordinate internally with various teams, executives in providing the decisions to variousfactors influencing the project implementation

Shubham MittalSystem Engineer - Infosys LimitedMysore, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Shubham-Mittal/4b29ab0545b0f67f Having 2.0 Years of Experience as a Software Developer (System Engineer) in the IT industry. Presently working as Senior System Engineer. Functionally Good with Complete Order fulfillment's journey including Sales and service Cloud. Expertise in implementing SQL, SOQL, SOSL, HTML, JavaScript, CSS, Salesforce (APEX, VF pages,others Components) Handling Deployment to Production Via CI/ANT Migration Tools. Good Implementation Knowledge of Lighting, Data Loader. Hands-on in Marketing cloud. Good Implementation Knowledge in SOAP Web service. Good Knowledge in AGILE Methodology and JIRA Tool. Certified as Platform developer-1. Currently working on SALESFORCE/CLOUDSENSE technology and pursuing SUPERBADGE inAPEX and LIGHTNING Concepts.WORK EXPERIENCESystem EngineerInfosys Limited -January 2017 to PresentEnvironment: Salesforce, Cloud Sense, APEX, SOQL, GIT, Bit Bucket, AGILEResponsibilities: Interaction with the onshore team to understand the requirement as per clients and functionalrequirement document. Preparation of solution document, component list and high level estimation of the tasks createdunder sprints. Technical Refinement's for User stories.Contributions: Developed and integrated the different modules developed by other team members. Wrote the Tech specifications document, Created Class diagrams and Flow Diagram usingfunctional requirement document. Developed and deployed Lightening components. Created Apex class, VF pages, Workflows, process builder, approval Process and othercomponents. Integration of Sales cloud with other third Party vendors. Designed Solution Documentations. Deployments to Production and other Intermediate environments. Support in SIT testing and production issues.System Engineerhttps://www.indeed.com/r/Shubham-Mittal/4b29ab0545b0f67f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INInfosys Limited - Mysore, Karnataka -June 2016 to PresentEDUCATIONB.Tech in EEENational Institute Of Technology2016St. John's School2009SKILLSHtml, Css, Javascript, Salesforce

Sivaganesh SelvakumarDevOps Consultant with Infosys LimitedChennai, Tamil Nadu - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sivaganesh-Selvakumar/2d20204ef7c22049Consultant with 5.8 years of experience DevOps design , CICD implementation, Build anddeployment automation and Release Management.WORK EXPERIENCEDevOps ConsultantInfosys Limited -December 2016 to PresentResponsibilities: Ownership of Release Management process for various web applications (Java based) Involve setting the overall Delivery Automation strategy, via investments in automation atseveral layers of the Technology stack to implement a Continuous Deployment/Delivery pipeline. Designed and delivered CloudBees Jenkins pipeline jobs with groovy code and pipeline pluginfor Continuous Integration and Deployments Implemented a continuous delivery pipeline with CloudBees Jenkins and Scripting. Manage and troubleshoot the running of automated jobs in Jenkins, TFS to support andstreamline the release process. Integrated Code quality, Code coverage, Unit Tests, Functional Tests with CI pipeline andresolved issues in this process. Organize and coordinate release teams across organizational boundaries. Deal with release to Dev, SIT, QA and Prod including business sign offs. Create/Submit applications and required associated documentation to 3rd parties for third partyacceptance/approval testing. Configure and integrate Nexus and Artifactory Repository for builds and integrating it with theCICD orchestration tool like Jenkins, TFS, and Bamboo. Develop PowerShell scripts to upload artifacts to Artifactory through REST API's and automatedthis as part of DevOps pipeline Document knowledge articles in Confluence (Internal Wiki)Environment: TFS ( GIT - SCM), TFS Builds, CloudBees Jenkins, ANT, MAVEN, Nexus, Shell Scripts,UNIX, JIRA, , Microsoft Visual Studio 2015, Octopus,Technology AnalystInfosys Limited - Chennai, Tamil Nadu -July 2011 to PresentEDUCATIONBachelor in "Instrumentation and Control Engineering"https://www.indeed.com/r/Sivaganesh-Selvakumar/2d20204ef7c22049?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INhttps://www.indeed.com/r/Sivaganesh-Selvakumar/2d20204ef7c22049?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INSaranathan College of Engineering - Tiruchchirappalli, Tamil NaduADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTECHNICAL SKILLS:Platforms Windows, Unix, LinuxScripting Language PowerShell scripting, Shell scripting.Databases Oracle, SQL ServerBuild Tools Maven, Ant, MSBuild, NantCICD Tools CloudBees Jenkins, TFS, GIT, SVN, Octopus, Jira, , Sonarqube, MSTest, Nexus,Artifactory, Cobertura, Ansible

Snehal JadhavMumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Snehal-Jadhav/005e1ab800b4cb42WORK EXPERIENCEL1 network engineerCisco - Mumbai, Maharashtra -February 2017 to Presentassociated with Cisco on the role of ACESOFTLABS (INDIA) Pvt. LtdEDUCATIONHSCMaharashtra BoardMarch 2012SSCMaharashtra BoardMarch 2010B.E in Electronics & TelecommunicationShivaji UniversitySKILLSArchitecture (Less than 1 year), BGP (Less than 1 year), DHCP (Less than 1 year), DNS (Lessthan 1 year), EIGRP (Less than 1 year)ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTechnical Skills Layer 2 Technologies like VTP, VLAN, STP, and RSTP. OSI Architecture, TCP/IP Module TCP/UDP, DHCP, DNS MP-BGP IPv4/IPv6, VPNv4, VPNv6, RT-Filter, IPv6-Multicats. Access-List, Prefix-List, Distribution List, QOS. MPLS, L2/L3 VPN. GRE, IPSec, DMVPN. FTP-Active/Passive, TFTP. Configuring and Troubleshooting L2 and L3 Ether channels on Cisco 3550, 3560, 2950 switches. IP Addressing, VLSM, Summarization, understanding Lease Line and Dedicated Lease Lines.https://www.indeed.com/r/Snehal-Jadhav/005e1ab800b4cb42?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN Configuring HSRP, VRRP, GLBP on Cisco Routers and Switches. VTP & Frame Tagging protocols ISL, Dot1q NAT, PAT, NAT-T. Strong skills in Configuring Cisco Routers (ASR901, ASR903, ASR900) using ISIS, OSPF, EIGRPand BGP. A good understanding of working on Small to High E1nd Routers and Switches. Comprehensive understanding of networking concepts pertaining to LAN, WAN, Security, ITcommunication, WAN protocols, Networking devices administration and maintenance in multi-platform environments. Strong hands-on technical knowledge of Microsoft Operating Systems (Network & Desktop),establishing & managing networks, Cisco Routers, Hardware clients & switches. Expertise in managing medium to large networks with Routers, Switches.

Soumya BalanIT SUPPORTSulthan Bathery, Kerala, Kerala - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Soumya-Balan/97ead9542c575355 To work in a progressive organization where I can enhance my skills and learning to contributeto the success of the organization.WORK EXPERIENCETechnical support engineerMicrosoftPosition: TECHNICAL SUPPORT ENGINEERCompany: Microsoft Corporation - Microsoft India Global Technical Support Center (MicrosoftIGTSC), BangaloreYears of Experience: 2 Years and 4 MonthsResponsibilities Represent Microsoft and communicate with corporate customers via telephone, writtencorrespondence, or electronic service regarding technically complex escalated problemsidentified in Microsoft software products, and manage relationships with those customers. Manage not only the technically complex problems, but also politically charged situationsrequiring the highest level of customer skill. Receive technically complex, critical or politically hot customer issues, and maintain ownershipof issue until resolved completely. Solve highly complex problems, involving broad, in-depth product knowledge or in-depthproduct specialty. Use trace analysis, and other sophisticated tools to analyze problems and develop solutionsto meet customer needs. Lead triage meetings to share knowledge with other engineers and develop customer solutionsefficiently. Act as technical lead, mentor, and model for a team of engineers; provide direction to others,review solutions and articles, mentoring existing & aspiring Engineers. Write technical articles for knowledge base. Consult, collaborate and take escalations when necessary.https://www.indeed.com/r/Soumya-Balan/97ead9542c575355?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INhttps://www.indeed.com/r/Soumya-Balan/97ead9542c575355?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN Maintain working knowledge of pre-release products and take ownership for improvement inkey technical areas. Manage customer escalations and recognize when to solicit additional help.Participate in technical discussions and engage with product team if required to resolve issuesand represent customer segments.Exchange Server Knowledge Exchange Server 2007 Exchange Server 2010 Exchange Server 2013 O365UG PROJECT TITLE: Memory Bounded Anytime Heuristic Search A Algorithm This Project presents a heuristic-search algorithm called Memory-bounded Anytime WindowA(MAWA), which is complete, anytime, and memory bounded. MAWA uses the window-bounded anytime-search methodology of AWA as the basic framework and combines it with thememory-bounded A -like approach to handle restricted memory situations.Simple and efficient versions of MAWA targeted for tree search have also been presented.Experimental results of the sliding-tile puzzle problem and the traveling-salesman problem showthe significant advantages of the proposed algorithm over existing methods.Technical and Co-Curricular activities Star Performer in Microsoft IGTSC in 2014. Paper Presentations on Applications of Robotics in INOX 2K12. Attended a Three-Day workshop on C and C++ Programming and Aliasing. Attended a One-Day workshop on Java and Hardware Workshop at VECW Paper presentation 4G Technologies, Cloud Computing, Heuristic Algorithms and Applications,Open Source Software. Multimedia presentations on Artificial Intellegence, 6th Sense, and Robotics. Completed training of OCA (9i, 10g) from Oracle University. Attended SPARK training program in Infosys Mysore. Attended System Hardware Training program at HCL, Pondicherry.EDUCATIONBE in Computer Science and EngineeringVivekananda Engineering College for Women - Chennai, Tamil Nadu2013BTEC HNC in Aviation in Hospitality and Travel ManagementFrankfinn Institute of Airhostess Training - Calicut, Kerala2008State Board2007SKILLSLinux (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Office (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year),problem solving (Less than 1 year)ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSkill Set Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Proficient in Computer Applications -Microsoft Office Windows (Windows 2007, XP, 8, 8.1 andWindows 10), Linux, Fedora. Strong analytical and problem solving skills. Ability in managing a team of professionals and enjoy being in a team.

Soumya BalanSoumya Balan - BE Computer Science - 3 yr Work Experience atMicrosoft CorporationThiruvananthapuram, Kerala - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Soumya-Balan/8c7fbb9917935f20 To work in a progressive organization where I can enhance my skills and learning to contributeto the success of the organization.Willing to relocate: AnywhereWORK EXPERIENCETechnical Support EngineerMicrosoft iGTSC - Bengaluru, Karnataka -July 2013 to October 2015Position: TECHNICAL SUPPORT ENGINEERCompany: Microsoft Corporation - Microsoft India Global Technical Support Center (MicrosoftIGTSC), BangaloreYears of Experience: 2 Years and 4 MonthsResponsibilities Represent Microsoft and communicate with corporate customers via telephone, writtencorrespondence, or electronic service regarding technically complex escalated problemsidentified in Microsoft software products, and manage relationships with those customers. Manage not only the technically complex problems, but also politically charged situationsrequiring the highest level of customer skill. Receive technically complex, critical or politically hot customer issues, and maintain ownershipof issue until resolved completely. Solve highly complex problems, involving broad, in-depth product knowledge or in-depthproduct specialty. Use trace analysis, and other sophisticated tools to analyze problems and develop solutionsto meet customer needs. Lead triage meetings to share knowledge with other engineers and develop customer solutionsefficiently. Act as technical lead, mentor, and model for a team of engineers; provide direction to others,review solutions and articles, mentoring existing & aspiring Engineers.https://www.indeed.com/r/Soumya-Balan/8c7fbb9917935f20?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INhttps://www.indeed.com/r/Soumya-Balan/8c7fbb9917935f20?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN Write technical articles for knowledge base. Consult, collaborate and take escalations when necessary. Maintain working knowledge of pre-release products and take ownership for improvement inkey technical areas. Manage customer escalations and recognize when to solicit additional help.Participate in technical discussions and engage with product team if required to resolve issuesand represent customer segments.Exchange Server Knowledge Exchange Server 2007 Exchange Server 2010 Exchange Server 2013 O365EDUCATIONBE in Computer Science and EngineeringVivekananda Engineering College for Women - Chennai, Tamil Nadu2013BTEC HNC in AviationFrankfinn Institute of Airhostess Training - Calicut, Kerala2008State Board +22007SSLCState2005SKILLSDBMS, O365, Communication Skills, Exchange 2013, Hospitality, Networking, ComputerOperating, Programming, Computer Hardware, Java, Exchange 2010, TeachingADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSkill Set Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Proficient in Computer Applications -Microsoft Office Windows (Windows 2007, XP, 8, 8.1 andWindows 10), Linux, Fedora. Strong analytical and problem solving skills. Ability in managing a team of professionals and enjoy being in a team.Project DetailsUG PROJECT TITLE: Memory Bounded Anytime Heuristic Search A Algorithm This Project presents a heuristic-search algorithm called Memory-bounded Anytime Window A(MAWA), which is complete, anytime, and memory bounded. MAWA uses the window-boundedanytime-search methodology of AWA as the basic framework and combines it with the memory-bounded A -like approach to handle restricted memory situations.Simple and efficient versions of MAWA targeted for tree search have also been presented.Experimental results of the sliding-tile puzzle problem and the traveling-salesman problem showthe significant advantages of the proposed algorithm over existing methods.Technical and Co-Curricular activities Star Performer in Microsoft IGTSC in 2014. Paper Presentations on Applications of Robotics in INOX 2K12. Attended a Three-Day workshop on C and C++ Programming and Aliasing. Attended a One-Day workshop on Java and Hardware Workshop at VECW Paper presentation 4G Technologies, Cloud Computing, Heuristic Algorithms and Applications,Open Source Software. Multimedia presentations on Artificial Intellegence, 6th Sense, and Robotics. Completed training of OCA (9i, 10g) from Oracle University. Attended SPARK training program in Infosys Mysore. Attended System Hardware Training program at HCL, Pondicherry.

Sowmya KaranthFinance AnalystHyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sowmya-Karanth/a76c9c40c02ed396To leverage 1+ years experience in order management and build up the core financial techniquesandensure the better growth of the organisation by providing dedicated and on time delivery of thejob.Willing to relocate to: Bengaluru, Karnataka - hyderbad, Telangana - Chennai, Tamil NaduWORK EXPERIENCEFinance AnalystOracle India Pvt ltd -May 2015 to March 2017 Recruited as Finance analyst for NAMER ( North Americas') region and worked for a year. Achieved 'YAR (You Are Recognised) ' Award for the month of August 2015 and was given thetitle"Young and early achiever". From June 2016 to September 2016 was trained and worked for EMEA ( Middle Eastern) regionsand was the mentor for new joiners and trainer for new managers. From September 2016 due to regional expansion was trained for APAC ( Asian & Pacific) regionsand was given the title 'Global Resource' due to my constant & extensive support for the othertworegions. Performed two major projects 'LLC ( License Learning Cycle) ' and 'Global Review tool' and wasthe lead and global reviewer in both. Performed various extensive analysis to globalise the process like standardising the differencesin the process flow and concepts between regions.EDUCATIONMBA in Finance and sectorial specialisationAvinashilingam Institute for Home Science & Higher Education for Women2013 to 2015Frenchhttps://www.indeed.com/r/Sowmya-Karanth/a76c9c40c02ed396?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INhttps://www.indeed.com/r/Sowmya-Karanth/a76c9c40c02ed396?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INS.B.K.V higher secondary school2010Avinashilingam Deemed University - Coimbatore, Tamil NaduSKILLSEMPLOYEE RESOURCE GROUP (Less than 1 year), ENTERPRISE RESOURCE PLANNING (Less than1 year), ERP (Less than 1 year), Microsoft office (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1year)ADDITIONAL INFORMATION/INTERESTS Computer skills - Microsoft office, ERP, Oracle SQL

Srabani Dassoftware engineer - Oracle, Business ObjectsBishnupur, MANIPUR, 722122, IN - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Srabani-Das/152269fb5b986c26To secure a challenging position where I can effectively contribute my skills as SoftwareProfessional which will boost my career and can be effectively achieve company objective.WORK EXPERIENCEsoftware engineerOracle, Business Objects -June 2015 to Present A highly accomplished professional with 2.8 years of IT experience as a software developerworking with technologies like Teradata, Oracle, Business Objects. Working as software engineer with Apple client in Exilant Technologies Pvt. Ltd. from June 2015to till date. Working in multiple domains like Retail and Concierge.EDUCATIONB-tech in Electronics and TelecommunicationCollege of engineering - Bhubaneshwar, Orissa2015CBSEODM Pubic school - Bhubaneshwar, Orissa2011CBSEGreen-Field school2009SKILLSRETAIL (2 years), RETAIL MARKETING (2 years), TERADATA (2 years), ACCEPTANCE TESTING(Less than 1 year), APS (Less than 1 year)ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSKILLShttps://www.indeed.com/r/Srabani-Das/152269fb5b986c26?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INhttps://www.indeed.com/r/Srabani-Das/152269fb5b986c26?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN Databases (Primary): Teradata, Oracle (SQL, PL/SQL) OS: Unix, Windows, Mac OS Teradata Tools & Utilities: BTEQ, Muti Load, Fast Load, Tpump, TPT. Reporting Tools: BO Reporting, Crystal Report, Universe design tool, BOBJ Migration tool Other Tools: Radar, Espresso, SQL Workbench, SQL Developer, ETL Metadata UI, iCheck, Globaldeployment tool, Ms office, Power Point, Ms Excel, Workload Automation. Applications: Central Station, GitLab, SVN.KEY PROJECTS:LeaderboardProject LeaderboardClient AppleDescription- Leader Board is an iPad based application for single Point of entry to GBI Retail mobileapplications. It is to provide automated and centralized access to different apps. Its a location toget key actionable metrics around Sales & Services related transactions of Apple retail store. Itis widely used by all managers and employees in Apple stores.- This is a diverse application which has 4 sub applications:Store Pulse, Benchmark, Session and RedZone Mobile.- Real-time as well as historical data are displayed in this application.Peak Team Size 6Roles and Responsibility- Working as a database developer in this project.- Worked in complete revamp of Leader board application and done multiple enhancements todevelop logic for multiple sales and service related metrics.- Created design documents and Logical Data flow Model from source study according to Businessrequirements.- Created multiple Replication setup process (Export and Load) using Apple ETL framework tool.- Worked on Business Objects, SAP Crysral report and universe for report creation andmodifcation.- Coding and Support for all phases of Testing- Implementation in production for project go live.- Production support till warranty phase.- Transition KT to APS team.Technology Used Teradata, Oracle, BO Universe and Reporting, Crystal Report, Unix and Autosys,ETL Framework.Reporting Tools Used Business Objects, BOBJ Migration tool, Universe design tool, SAP CrystalReportApple Retail ExpansionProject Apple Retail ExpansionClient AppleDescription- As part of New Apple Store/Country Expansion, Store/Market/Country level metadata setups aredone with real-time and history performance reports are sent to business users periodically.Peak Team Size 3Roles and Responsibility- Involved in Designing technical specification docs and gathering functional requirements.- Carried out DB changes alone with Unit, Integration, Functional, Regression testing and testcase preparation of all the modules impacted for it.- Implemented Reporting side changes for new Store expansion.Technology Used Teradata, Oracle, BO Reporting, Crystal Report, Unix and Autosys, ETLFramework.Reporting Tools Used Business Objects, SAP Crystal ReportGenius & Forum DashboardProject Genius & Forum DashboardClient AppleDescription- This Dashboards acts as a reporting solution for Concierge - the service oriented wing of Apple.- Genius and Forum Dashboard has been developed as the reporting layer to report the GeniusBar, Workshops/events, Repair related metrics.- Helps the store leaders to take decisions on the floor to improve customer experience analyzingthe trend of the store.- Store leaders can plan for scheduling of employees based on the demand of symptoms/categories.Peak Team Size 6Roles and Responsibility- Understanding the functional requirement- Design Document preparation.- Coding and Units testing.- Preparing test cases and conduct Integration Testing- Support for User Acceptance Testing- Implementation- SupportTechnology Used Teradata, Oracle, Unix and Autosys, ETL Framework.Reporting Tools Used Business Objects, BOBJ Migration tool, Universe design tool

Srinivas VOSr. Test ManagerMumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Srinivas-VO/39c80e42cb6bc97fA Test Manager, with a track record of 15+Yrs ( 4yrs UK onsite) delivering major test solutionsfor global projects ($40m) on behalf of leading blue chip organisations. Delivering IT solutions,ranging from simple to complex and challenging projects and programs, establishing an enviablerecord of on-time, high quality & added value delivery. Testing capabilities to existing customers and prospective customers during client visits / atcustomer location. Own and Support RFI/RFPs, proposal walkthroughs and presentations and Transitionknowledge from pre-sales to delivery, in case of project win Analyze proposal requirements in direct relation with clients, and provide innovativesolutions, as part of proposals Develop proof of concepts to prospects during pre-sales phase, Provide test consultingservices, on demand & Collate repository from delivery team, along with case studies for use inproposals, presentations and consulting Pipeline building through new opportunities, cross-selling, up-selling and Establishcommunication with Geo Sales and other streams of business Maintain Order Book, Win /Loss analysis, pre-sales metrics Handle any technical question or issue which arises during a sales cycle and settingappropriate customer expectations. Independently executes strategic leadership to others in identifying opportunities and Expertin driving pilots/proof of concepts. Talented in handling extremely risk and competitive situations and responsible for productand services, revenue goals at team and regional level. Proposed and implemented TCoE setup for 2 major clients, which helped in improving theproductivity by reducing the staffing and operational cost by 25%. Involved in setup for Custom Application Testing Services (Oracle R12, Siebel, Fusion etc., )in Oracle SSI & Testing Centre of Excellence (TCoE) Ability to excite customers, generate awareness of new possibilities that can yield additionalrevenue. Planning, scheduling and tracking of the project modules and conducted trainings acrossteams and Experience in proposals for the projects, resource planning and estimations. Extensive experience on bid management, PMO process, risk management and preparedproject management office documents. Expertise in building automation frameworks for Front to back testing of Retail / Healthcare/Telecom/ BFSI/Supply Chain Trading applications Expertise in design, development and implementation of frameworks using UNIX, Java, .Net,VB, SQL, XML, SWIFT, MQ and FMW. Experience in E2E testing of variety of Oracle Applications: Oracle Retail: Oracle RMS, RPM, REIM, SIM etc. Oracle Ebusiness Suite R12: AP, AR, GL, OM, PA, CM, TM Oracle IDM: OAM, OIM, OVD, OID, SSO Oracle Siebel: Public Sector, Call Center Apps, Ebilling Apps Oracle Fusion Applications: Fusion HCM, R12, OBIEE Oracle Transportation Management: Order Management,Shipments, Transport Request management, Routing and Consolidationhttps://www.indeed.com/r/Srinivas-VO/39c80e42cb6bc97f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN Oracle FlexCube & Oracle Health Sciences: Oracle® Clinical Oracle Communications: Billing and Revenue Management(BRS), Order Management and Order Fulfillment (OMOF) Experience in managing large diversified team across geographies Experience includes customization of methodologies for the business needs and deployingtheminto programs/projects Experience in proposing out of box solutions for automation and convincing clients on alternatesolutions and investments in automation using Oracle Tools (OATS, Oracle Load Tester, Oracle Test Manager) HP Tools (QTP, Load Runner, Test Director, Performance Centre) Rational Suite (Reqpro, RA, Rational Robot, RFT, RPT, RCC, RCQ) Open Source / Other Tools: Selenium Webdriver 2.0, Testng, JMeter,Appium, Junit, Cucumber, JIRA, Maven, SOAPUI, Jbehave, BDD etc., A strategic thinker, problem solver, project implementer and change leader, who hasconsistentlyprovided organizations with added value as they move towards achieving their objectives. Helped many large and small organizations to establish sound project & management practicesintegrated into the corporate framework to deliver projects, programs and managed portfolios. Ability to identify business value in customer needs and translate to innovative solutionscommunicating the requirements & mission, in context, to both management & IT & Qualitydevelopment, using sound, proven and valued management practices through integrated bestprocesses from clients and IT Governance Frameworks (RUP, CMMI and ISO)Solution SectorsService successes in: Logistics & SCM, Investment Banking, Public Sector, Financial, Banking,Retail,Health Sciences, Telecom, Real Estate, Hospitality, Outsourcing, Project Management, KnowledgeManagement & Performance Management.ClienteleDHL (UK), Mobily (Saudi Arabia), UBS (London, UK), Rolls Royce (Derby, UK), TNT (Hinckley, UK),RCUK (Research Councils, Swindon, UK), ADAT (Middle East), OHI (Netherlands), Citibank (USA),Transurban (Australia), BCBS (Blue Cross Blue Shield, USA) etc.Willing to relocate: AnywhereWORK EXPERIENCEQA ManagerTracelink - Mumbai, Maharashtra -April 2017 to October 2017➔ Define, evangelize, and implement global, unified agile delivery processes; selectcommon tools; specify core quality-measurement KPIs,expand automated-testing inContinuous Integration environment➔ Project Manager and Scrum Master of company's highest priority Tracelink Products &Tracelink L3 Support Projects recognized by executive management as the model forproject organization and execution.➔ Manage and administer relations, budgets, and contracts with outsourcing vendor➔ Define the test strategy and approach for one or many products, provide qualityassurance leadership, and be ultimately responsible for ensuring product quality➔ Perform hands-on job that requires strategic thinking and planning to provide leadershipand expertise throughout the entire QA life cycle, ensuring the success of the team'smanual and automation efforts➔ Lead efforts to develop, document, and implement applicable QA processes andprocedures to provide more effective quality methods within the group in support ofproviding quality products➔ Create, implement, maintain, and enhance test plans, test scripts, and testmethodologies to ensure comprehensive test coverage➔ Develop world class automation for regression and feature testing➔ Work closely with all stakeholders to ensure project alignment➔ Provide quarterly presentations to executive staff on QA accomplishments and future visionand goalsEnvironment: Amazon Cloud Services (Habari, Elasticache, Cloud Search, Dynamo, RDS, Redis,Amazon RedShift), Java, Scala, Selenium Webdriver, Jmeter etc.,Sr. Test Managerconfidential - Bengaluru, Karnataka -July 2013 to March 2017Test Manager, ClientOracle SSI - London -January 2011 to November 2012LondonDescription: Oracle will provide services to Manage process workshops with UBS to map theOracleFusion Human Capital Management (HCM) applications processes to UBS's global processes.ImplementOracle Fusion HCM applications within an Oracle. Software as a Service (SaaS) environment.SupportUBS with the mapping of the Oracle Fusion Applications data structures to UBS's currentPeopleSoft 8.8system and then design, develop and unit test data load routines. This will include the definitionof the reconciliation process. Configure and system test the application modules to support theLevel 3 standardbusiness processes and the UBS functional requirements identified.Responsibilities:Developed High Level Test Strategy for UBS - Group HR Applications (Viz., WorkforceManagement,Recruitment and Talent Management, Compensation management, Payrolls, Learning andDevelopment,HR Service Management)Involved in Setting up Test Environments Viz., (System Testing, SIT, Conversion Testing, SecurityTesting, Cutover Testing, Performance Testing, UAT)Developed Master Test Plans for Oracle Fusion HCM Applications (Viz., CompensationManagement,WorkForce Management, Recruitment and Talent Management) & Non Fusion Oracle Applications(viz.,Service Management)Developed High Level Test Requirements for Workforce Deployment, Workforce development,SystemTest Cases for Workforce Management, Fusion PersonalizationReview Test Scripts for Fusion HCM Applications & Non Fusion ApplicationsTrack and prepare the report of testing activities like test testing results, test case coverage,requiredresources, defects discovered and their status, performance baselines etc.Developed Test Automation Strategy & Automation Framework for Fusion HCM SAASApplications.Involved in Setting up Test Automation Infrastructure Environment for Automation Test Assists:a. Test project Setup, Roles and Test planning using Oracle Test Managerb. Functional Test Script Development using Oracle Open Scriptc. Performance Test Script Development Using Oracle Load TesterEnsure the timely delivery of different testing milestones.Conducted LESS (Load Testing, Endurance Testing, Stress Testing, Spike Testing) Testing ActivitiesforFusion HCM SAAS Applications.Title: WMI, Period: Oct '2010 - Dec '2011Project Description: The world's largest retailer implements Oracle Retail applications includingOracleRetail Merchandise System, Oracle Retail Allocation and other elements of the Oracle Retail Suiteas part of its merchandising transformation initiatives.Responsibilities: Direct Client dealings. Getting information from client on requirement for areas where in ourexpertise in testing can be used and giving proposal. Developed Domain Level Test Strategy Manage entire testing activities from Functional test preparation/execution, Integration testpreparation/execution, System test preparation/execution Prepared scheduled plan for the client and updating the same in Microsoft Project Plan effectivetracking of progress of project. Tracking of testing progress in all areas and pointing out gaps to be filled to Client and ownresources. Review daily and weekly Testers' status reports and take necessary actions and assessing theprogress and effectiveness of the test effort Provide estimation for manual and automation testing areas. Tested Oracle Retail Applications ( RMS, RPM, Allocation etc., ) Track Schedule and Effort deviation tracking in internal tracking tool. Co-ordination of work between resources from India, USA Expertise in QTP and coming out with an automation framework proposal for the client showingcasing advantages of an automated approachTest / Project ManagementOracle SSI - Bangalore, Karnataka -May 2008 to November 2012Managed 2 Project and Several minor releases with 50+ members Team of Test leads, Sr. testengineer, TestEngineers.Title: UBS - Fusion HCM SAAS ImplementationEDUCATIONMSC in Computer scienceNagarjuna UniversityBSC in Computer scienceKakatiya UniversitySKILLSTesting (10+ years), Program Management (10+ years), Automation Testing (10+ years),Selenium Webdriver (4 years), Project Management (10+ years), Java (10+ years), AWS (10+years), Cloud Computing (4 years)ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONExpertiseInvolved and excelling in enterprise-wide initiatives, complex and time-critical business projectsprovidingdistinctive leadership at the following levels: Account Management: Understanding inter-related services of the organization; representingorganization within an account; selling entire portfolio of enterprise services; strategy to actionbysuggesting right processes, skills, culture (people), technology and content; effectivelymaintaining relationships with customers. Understanding key challenges of the customer;financialperformance of the client; competitors within the account; technology budget or spend; clientspend on consulting. Key functions: business consulting; aligning IT to business; applicationportfolio review; business analysis/requirements; KPIs/scorecards; involved in writing;implementing and tracking account plans; estimating budgets; business cases; RFPs; proposalsandbusiness presentations. Test Manager: Onsite / Offshore Operations: Involved in all key initiatives of the enterprisewith all vendors, pre sales activities, customer engagement, writing proposals, and Testconsulting.Established and managed practice improvement forum onsite with 50+ associates providinginputsto testing practice and provided lots of trainings. Portfolio/Programme/Project Management level: Delivering programs and projects in managedportfolios from Initiation Business Case & Charter, through Requirements, Planning, Budgeting,Execution & Release Management, to closeout review while providing auditable progress &deliverable completion visible to the project team, Management and stakeholders. IT projectscovering custom solutions, shrink-wrap product development, & commercial off-the-shelfdevelopment & integration. Management and Governance establishing governance criteria and enforcing these througheffective performance management & strategic planning; developing new opportunities;preparingbusiness cases, POC, POS and application review mechanisms; ensuring measurably highcustomersatisfaction; setting BU objectives, educating, mentoring & guiding Sales & Marketing resources.Developing collaborative relationships with customers, vendors, and product support leaders.Providing integrated approach to CMMI, Earned Value, ROI, Training Plans, Satisfaction &Expectation Management, and Reporting. Project Office, Project Procurement & Financial Management, developing, establishing &maintaining PMO services, Organizational Governance tools & Systems, Traceability Matrix,project & master Schedules, project Plans, Resource Profiles, organizational CapacityManagement, Cost, Risk & Issue, Integration sequence, Communication Plans, Mentoring,Training, Templates, & Performance, for all PMBOK and CMMI disciplines. Architecture, developing frameworks helpful for enterprises on strategic reuse, testingstrategy,automation strategy, plans supporting Business Continuity essential to maintaining andcommunicating & solutions for business, development & stakeholder leaders & members. Leadership, strong skills in Leadership, Motivation, Negotiation, Team building, Mentoring,Training, Facilitation, Dispute Resolution, Collaboration, Communication & OrganizationDevelopment. Process Engineering, Quality Assurance, Quality Control & Configuration Management,Involved in SDLC definition and customization and method adaptation, process optimization,Enterprise-Wide Road Map for Standards Establishment, Components for Enterprise-WideStandards, Standards Enforcement, Quality Assurance Continuum, Quality Control Continuum,developing various test frameworks, methodologies and processes, Standard CMMI Appraisalmethod for Process Improvement (SCAMPI), establishing Quality Objectives, Goals, Metrics,Forecasts, Enterprise level Test strategies, & tools, applying to IT Governance Frameworks.Personal Strengths: Provides direction and leadership with strong interpersonal and team building skills Successfully works with people within and across organizational boundaries to buildagreements,guidelines, and standards in order to resolve issues and create consistent practices. Strong practitioner of clearly written purposeful communication and direction Developing solutions to deliver quality products to clients through people and processes

Srushti BhadaleMumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Srushti-Bhadale/ffe3d9f99a4b3322Willing to relocate to: Mumbai, Maharashtra - Mumbai Central, Maharashtra - Pune, MaharashtraWORK EXPERIENCEAssociate ConsultantOracle Financial Services - Bengaluru, Karnataka -September 2017 to Present Currently associated as Associate Consultant with Oracle Financial Services Software. Trained on Java, Plsql, Flexcube for 3 months from Oracle University.Project Name KeyBank ProjectTeam OBP teamProject Duration 2 monthsProject Description KeyBank, the primary subsidiary of KeyCorp is the major bank based in Cleveland. It usesOracle Banking Platform to provide Online and Mobile Innovation to Meet Customers' ChangingExpectations. OBP team provides Web services, Business processes, domain services functionality toKeyBank.Project Role and Contribution Worked on migration of OBP product services from 2.3 to 2.6.1 using Java, Plsql, SOAP UItechnologies. Handled and worked on batch uploads. Worked on Code incremental and DB incremental activities. Configured Junit setup for the upgrade activities. Unit Tested and modified the changes required for OBP consulting upgrade. Worked on fixing various defects that were part of OBP product code and database upgrade. Worked on Fund transfer module of OBP.EDUCATIONHSCD.G Ruparel College2013SSCConvent Girls' High School2011https://www.indeed.com/r/Srushti-Bhadale/ffe3d9f99a4b3322?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INSKILLSAssociate (Less than 1 year), CSS. (Less than 1 year), HTML5 (Less than 1 year), Java (Lessthan 1 year), JavaScript (Less than 1 year)ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTECHNICAL SKILL SET: Programming Languages: C, Java, JavaScript, SQL. Web Technologies: HTML5, CSS. Working Platform: Windows, Linux.WORKSHOP/CERTIFICATION: Ethical Hacking and IT Security workshop held at Vidyalankar Institute of Technology on 6thand 13th February 2016. Certificate for attending Seminar cum Demo Workshop - Cloud and Virtualization held atVidyalankar Institute of Technology on 5th March 2016. Microsoft Technological Associate course held at Vidyalankar Institute of Technology from 16thAugust to 7th October 2014.ACHIEVEMENT: Certificate of merit for securing first place in Semester 5. Awarded scholarship for the academic year […] from Tata Education and Development Trust forsecuring distinction in both Semester 5 and Semester 6.

Sudaya PuranikPrincipal Engineer Technical Staff - Company 1Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sudaya-Puranik/eaf5f7c1a67c6c38To secure a promising position that offers both a challenge and a good opportunity for bothprofessional and personal growth.Willing to relocate to: Bengaluru, KarnatakaWORK EXPERIENCEPrincipal Engineer Technical StaffCompany 1 - Bengaluru, Karnataka -September 2005 to PresentTotal Experience: 12 years 6 months.Worked onshore and offshore for the projects. Extensive client facing and team managementskills.Company 1: Oracle India Private Limited, BangaloreDesignation: Principal Engineer Technical StaffDuration: September 2005 - till dateKEY TECHNICAL SKILLSDatabases: Oracle 9i/10g, MySqlLanguages: PL/SQL, Shell Script.Frameworks and Portals: Oracle ADFServer side Technology: J2ee,IDE: Jdeveloper 10.xTECHNICAL EXPERIENCE SUMMARY 1 year Oracle Applications checklist implementation 3+ years of Disaster Recovery on Oracle Applications (EBSO 11i, R12) and Database. 8+ years of Oracle Applications DBA with Build and Release activities. Installation of Oracle Applications (EBSO 11i, R12) at Customer environment and carry out DR Configuration of Oracle Applications (EBSO 11i, R12) as per Customer specification. Configuration of Discoverer, Admin, Concurrent, Forms, Web, Reports done on separate pillars Patching, Cloning of Oracle Apps Database conversion from non-RAC to 2 node, 3-node RAC Installation of OTO product on customer environment. Including the Infra, Asmt, discoverer,OC4J product. Carried out Disaster Recovery solutions for OTO Database Switchover code written for OTO Domain knowledge of Manual Testing. Oracle Apps Release and Build Engineer, Carried out 11i and R12 Upgrades on Oracle Internal Customers. Carried out 12.2.X upgrades from 11i and R12 baselines with 11g and 12c database levelhttps://www.indeed.com/r/Sudaya-Puranik/eaf5f7c1a67c6c38?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN Experienced with Database upgrades as well. Carried out upgrades from 10g to 11g, 11g to12C DB. Have been awarded Extra Mile Award 2 times for execution of projects on time with quality.Principal EngineerORACLE -September 2005 to PresentOracle Apps DBA for R12 and 12.2.X baselines, responsible for all the EBS release activities ,handled upgrades with latest adop technology.EDUCATIONBachelor of Engineering (Information Science) in Information ScienceB V Bhoomaraddi College of Engg and Technology Hubli - Hubli, Karnataka2005Visveswaraiah Technological University - Belgaum, KarnatakaSKILLSOracle Apps DBA Release EnginnerADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSoftware/Tools Test cases written in MS Word Carried out manually as QTP does not support this Application5) Disaster Recovery Portal for carrying out Recovery on the Customers. It involves a portal through which we provide the Customer details and host types. There arexml plug-in, which are installed and parsed as Workflows. The workflows contain the steps of theDR for the MT and DB. As and when required we can pause and skip during the recovery. Tooltested and verified by the On Demand Operations and Customers like GE, Xerox, RIT etc.Client: On Demand Operations, Oracle BangaloreRoles and Responsibilities: Developed all the plug-in needed for the recovery which include Database Plug-in, E-businessSuite Plug-in. Monitoring and Support 24/7Team Size: 2 Software /Tools: Shell and Expect scripting.4) DR Solution for R12 (E-Business Suite)It involves setting up the primary by installing Oracle Apps R12, setup the standby site i.eDatabase, Mid Tier, by cloning the same and recover. It also involves operations like Switch Overand Fail Over.By Switch Over we mean Primary to Standby and vice versaBy Fail Over we mean the Primary has crashed, we need to make the Standby as the Primary.Client: On Demand Operations, Oracle BangaloreTeam Size: 2Software /Tools: Shell and Expect scripting, PLSQL.Roles and Responsibilities: Installation, Cloning, Patching of the Oracle Applications R12. Conversion of Database from non-RAC to RAC Setting up of the Standby. Carry out the Switchover, Fail over and Recovery. Carryout the whole Recovery Process through the UI.3) On Demand Service ContinuityThe project dealt with "Disaster Recovery & Backup" which involves automating checks so thatdisaster could be prevented. Also the recovery of database is involved.Client: On Demand Operations, Oracle BangaloreTeam Size: 5Software /Tools:Unix Advanced shell scripting and expect. (Involves working on Korn Shell)Roles and Responsibilities: Automated the checklists for E-business suite and PeopleSoft products.2) CCB Portal AdministrationProject DescriptionThe new CCB Administration component is an integrated, web-based application intended toconsolidate and simplify the CCB processes for On Demand. This application: Makes it easier to manage the process of change implementation in customer instances acrossthe various milestones in the On Demand life cycle. Simplifies said change implementation by keeping the information organized in a centralizedrepository. In the CCB Administration application Release 1.0Client: System Assurance Centre, Oracle Unites States of AmericaTeam Size: 3Software /Tools:PL/SQL and HTMLRoles and Responsibilities: Developed the PL/SQL procedures & packages, HTML forms required for the Portal, using HTMLfor the user to enter the required data. The data is entered is validated, using Java Scripting, and the data is stored in the database. Developed the reports.1) ORACLE PRODUCTION ASSESSMENTSProject DescriptionAUTO VERIFY TOOLAuto Verify is a utility that automates many of the tedious and repetitive tasks that are involvedduring QA testing of an Oracle Applications Release 11i environment. Auto Verify now performsmany of the tasks automatically that used to be performed manually.Client: System Assurance Centre, Oracle Unites States of AmericaTeam Size: 4Software /Tools:UNIX Advanced Shell Scripting, PL/SQL.Roles and Responsibilities:Automated the all the checklists for 8 releases of E-business suite.

Sumit KubadeSAP - FI Support Consultant - SAP FIPune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sumit-Kubade/256d6054d852b2a7Seeking a challenging and rewarding position in SAP FI that will benefit from my experience,professional qualification and excellent communication skills and where I can enrich my skillsand management capabilities further while working to achieve the organizational goals. 1.0 Months experience in IT industry. I am seeking challenging assignments in a growth oriented organisation. Completed graduation B.com (FINANCE) Ability to work overtime, time management, and workresponsibilities. ERP knowledge of SAP ECC 6.0IN FI MODULE in UV TECHNOCRATS & SOLUTION. With knowledgeof (FI organisational structure, GL creation, Accounts Payable, Accounts receivables, customermaster data, vendor master data & All End user scenario) Proficient Knowledge about FI End user scenario and design of configuration of FI sub-modulesGeneral Ledger (FI-GL), Accounts Payable (FI-AP), Accounts Receivables (FI-AR)SAP FINANCE MODULE TECHNICAL &FUNCTIONAL SKILL Enterprise structure: configuration of Define &Assign Company and company code definebusiness area. Global setting: Define Field status group, Fiscal year Variants, open and close postingperiod, document number ranges, Setting up of document types and posting keys for businesstransactions. General ledger: Define chart of account, Account group, define tolerance group for GL &employees. GL end user scenario-creation of GL master data, knowledge about F 02/FB50 GL invoiceposting, GL Documents recurring document, park & held document, reversal document. Accounts Payable: Creation of vendor a/c group & No ranges. Define tolerance group for vendor,creation of sundry creditors GL, Display of vendor balances, Define no range for invoice posting, AP end user scenario: creation of customer master, FB60 /MIRO invoice posting, Payment,posting Process of partial payment and down payment to vendor. Customization of APP program for vendors. Accounts Receivable: Define customer a/c group, No range for customer a/c, creation of no.ranges AR end user scenario: creation of customer master, FB70 invoice posting, payment postingprocess of partial payment down payment to customer. House bank- Creation of house bank, creation of cheque lot, display cheque register, chequeencashment, cheque cancellation. Foreign exchange transaction. Asset Accounting - Chart of depreciation, creation of input & output tax code, Define assetclass, Depreciation,Asset master creation, Asset purchase posting (F 90), Depreciation run (AFAB), Sale of asset (f 92) Closing Entries - Carry forward the balances of customer & vendor (f.07), Asset balances ( AJAB),GL balances (F.16), No range (OBH2) .FSV.Willing to relocate to: Pune, Maharashtrahttps://www.indeed.com/r/Sumit-Kubade/256d6054d852b2a7?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INWORK EXPERIENCESAP - FI Support ConsultantSAP FI - Pune, Maharashtra -June 2016 to PresentRoles and Responsibility: Providing production support for SAP FI Module Master data Creation and Changes as when required Interaction with end users for issue resolution Solving issues/tickets with moderate and at times critical impact Proactively discuss on issues with other functional consultants for timely resolution Participation in regular FI team meetings Provide training to end user's as and when required. Customizing changes as per new requirement raised by client like House Bank Creation Analyzing and providing solutions on the issues raised by the client Participation in performing year end closing activity Solving of maintenance Issues and Tickets in the area of FI. Email response to end users. Clarify and rectify the pending and due issues. Resolved User issues on timely basis. Based on the priority of the issues and the time required to resolve the issue, issues will beresolved within time bound to meet the SLA. Attended KT sessions & updated knowledge with new issues.As a part of Support Team Involvement in User Support and also End User Training. Handled the End user queries through Help desk. As per the user communication by mail haveto register, acknowledge, respond, resolved, accept and close the issues. The issues include the configuration, transaction error and program/form modifications. Configuring payment terms, Configuring automatic payment program, Includes House bankconfiguration. Configuration for special G/L transactions like down payment made, down payment received. Input Tax Indicator Configuration.EDUCATIONIndian Institute Of Company Secretory Of India (Appeared)2014Maharashtra State Government, Pune University - Pune, Maharashtra2013B.comPune University - Pune, Maharashtra2012SKILLSSAP (1 year)ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTECHNICAL SKILL ERP Packages: SAP ECC 6.0, Tally. Office productivity: Microsoft Word, Excel, Power point. Operating Systems: Windows […]

Syam DevendlaBengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Syam-Devendla/c9ba7bc582b14a7bSenior software engineer with more than 9 years of experience in C, C++, DataStructures programming and BI analytics. Experience includes implementation andtesting of enterprise and mobile application and middleware component software.WORK EXPERIENCESMTSOracle India - Bengaluru, Karnataka -January 2014 to Presentwith OBIEE team. Worked in Samsung R&D Operations, Bangalore since Oct- 2008 to Jan 2014, withMultimedia team.EDUCATIONPost Graduate Diploma in Embedded SystemsCDAC - Kochi, Kerala2006Bachelor of Technology in Electronics and CommunicationsNagarjuna University2005SKILLS.NET (Less than 1 year), ALGORITHMS (Less than 1 year), ALSA (Less than 1 year), ANDROID(Less than 1 year), APACHE HADOOP HDFS (Less than 1 year)ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONCore Competencies Extensively worked in C, C++ Good understanding of Data Structures and Algorithms Good understanding and knowledge of BI Analytics of OBIEE. Codes at HackerRank.com and am a 4 Star Rank coder in algorithms, codedusing C++ STL Hands on experience of GDB Debugger for Core dump analysis and Serverhttps://www.indeed.com/r/Syam-Devendla/c9ba7bc582b14a7b?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INhttps://www.indeed.com/r/Syam-Devendla/c9ba7bc582b14a7b?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INside debugging. Hands on experience of Visual Studio debugger for debugging on Windowsplatform. Working experience of Multithreaded applications for more than eight years Good understanding of OOPS Design principles and STL. Experienced in using various debuggers that include GDB debugger, Eclipse, VC++ IDE, Trace32, WinDbg, Visual Studio. Good knowledge of Big data technologies(Hadoop, Yarn Architecture, map-reduce, Hive, Sqoop, Hbase, Zookeeper) Good experience in Hadoop development and Admin activities. Able to understand and review Java and Scala code Good Exposure to Software practices, SDLC. Good understanding and porting knowledge of framework components. Good understanding of multimedia concepts, Audio video synchronization,AudioOut, AudioIn and video zoom. Knowledge of WEBRTC features. Good knowledge of video Engine. Basic knowledge of MFC, socket programming. Good knowledge in programming and operating system concepts. Experience in working in a project from product development phase tocommercialization phase. Successfully commercialized more than 25 million mobiles spanning acrosstwenty models. Good global work exposure having worked in different work environments. Basic understanding of Linux Operating system. Experienced in design and implementation of Multimedia Applications forMobile handsets. Good experience working on Smart Phone platforms(Framework, Middlewareand Application development) having worked on various mobile platformsSHP, Samsung Bada, Linux, WindowsMobile5.0, SLP, Android and Tizen.Syam Prasad Devendla Good knowledge and understanding of different frameworks for multimedia. Good knowledge of multi-threaded programming and IPC mechanisms. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills and ability to work in a team. Skilled at learning new concepts quickly, working well under pressure, andcommunicating ideas clearly and effectively. Tools Used: Beyond Compare, Samsung memory leak tool, and Samsung codecoverageTool, VS 2005 Remote Tools, KlocWork, WinShark and Ethereal. Experienced in working with configuration tools like VSS, Perforce, and ClearCase. Operating Systems: Windows, Ubuntu Linux Mobile Platforms: SHP, Bada, Linux, WindowsMobile5.0, SLP and Tizen Technology: Multimedia, Content, Mobile Applications Languages: C, C++(Data Structures, Design Patterns, STL) Tools: Eclipse, VS2005, VS2010KlocWork, Clear case, PerforceProjects OBIEEEnvironment: Oracle BI Languages: C++ Implementing enhancements, improving the diagnosabilty and address the customerissues by fixing the code bugs. Developed a security feature in downloads module to protect the system from DOSattack. Implemented a performance enhancer logic in Ibots to execute the agents faster. Responsible for fix/enhance Ibot(Delivers/Agent/Schedulers) issues in the product. Responsible for fixing the core dump issues reported by customers in the nqschedulercomponent in linux 32/64 and windows 32/64 platforms. Oracle-ThirdeyeEnvironment: HDFS, Yarn, Hadoop, map-reduce, thirdeye-agent GUI is able to provide all information in a usable environment. Most of the use will be as an embeddable UI in applications like TLP, DTE, and Bug DBetc.Syam Prasad Devendla Provide term, line number and time indexes for word and phrase search, ability to drilldown to a given line number and data around it, and also have ability to see dataaround a given time. Thirdeye-nodes-refreshEnvironment: HDFS, Yarn, Hadoop, map-reduce All processes for thirdeye including Hadoop components running on the same node. Thisoverburdens the master node and leads to frequent failures due to disk space andmemory issues, so worked on POC to replicate entire thirdeye setup with requiredconfiguration on new machines. BI-Manifest-Comparison ToolEnvironment: Oracle BI Languages: Java Implemented tool to create an excel with manifests data across platforms and painted themismatched versions WebRTCEnvironment: Browser Languages: C++ Media Recorder implementation. Multi Party communication development. Stage Fright (recorder and playback) Video engine Peer connection PlatformsY2012-Framework (content)Environment: Tizen Languages: C++ Developing Tizen framework (content) on SLP. File Search Directory Search Playlist and Playlist Manager Supporting Tizen content framework. PlatformsY2011 -Framework (Multimedia- player)Environment: Bada, Eclipse, SLP (Samsung Linux Platform) Languages: C++ Implemented player framework for Bada OS Audio Player and video Player modules. POC of AV synchronization for video zoom. Supporting Bada2.0 player framework and commercialization. Movie Studio (Video Editor)Environment: Bada, Eclipse Languages: C++ Developed application based on UI guidelines given, modules like preview, split and trimforms using VePlayer library. Implemented VPL file creation. Media BrowserEnvironment: Bada, Eclipse Languages: C, C++ This application is developed to check the stability of Bada's player and Audio outmodules. Audio Player and video Player modules. Implemented progress bar of player in both Player Form and PLS Player Form. Bada-NS(R&D)Environment: Linux, SLP (Samsung Linux Platform) Languages: C, C++ Worked on launching emulator knowledge of SLP Multimedia Framework Ported Player (Audio and Video) module Ported Audio Out and Audio In modules using ALSA library ETMs Firmware Client: Wabtec Railway Electronics, German TownSyam Prasad DevendlaEnvironment: Windows XP, IAR Workbench Hardware: IOC board (Provided by WRE)Languages: C Serial - Ethernet Bridge Serial communication commands handling. Supt LinkClient: Schindler Elevator & Escalator CorporationEnvironment: Windows Mobile 5.0, embedded VC, Visual Studio 2005Languages: VC++, MFC A Business application. It makes easy for the superintendents to check the status of theelevators and escalators which are newly installed or being maintained and rate themaccording to their performance and report the same to the Sap server using mobilitysolutions. FldLinkClient: Schindler Elevator & Escalator CorporationEnvironment: Windows Mobile 5.0, embedded VC, Visual Studio 2005Languages: VC++, MFC FldLink is a Mobile Application which provides the technicians with a single,comprehensive view of contact information, meeting schedules, Technical informationand repairing support while working in the field.

Tejasri GunnamBengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Tejasri-Gunnam/6ef1426c95ee894c 3 years of experience in IT industry, involved in Software Testing. Proficient in development of Test Plans, Functional test scriptsfor Functionality Testing andIntegration Testing, Test Execution, Defect Reporting, RegressionTesting. Very Good in GUI, Functional and Performance testing. Well Acquainted With Bug Tracking Tools like CDETS, BUG SCRUBBER, MANTIS, JIRA Profound Knowledge in Software Testing Life Cycle. Involved in Preparing Test Cases and Test Reports. Knowledge on Quality Standards like ISO CCNA certified Very good knowledge in security testing. Knowledge in Python scripting.WORK EXPERIENCECisco SystemsIndPvtLtd - Bengaluru, Karnataka -September 2012 to Presentunder the payroll of GoldStone TechnologiesAgile team Member, Testing, Security testingCisco SystemsIndPvtLtd - Bengaluru, Karnataka -September 2012 to PresentDuration Sep 2012 - Till dateTeam Size 15 MembersRole Agile team Member, Testing, Security testingDescription:CSPC is a collector which is integrated with different CSOs (Common Service Objects) like thedevice discovery CSO, core collection, connectivity and data normalization. Together we call asCSPC or Common Services Platform Collector.CSPC-NOS is an add-on service which is writtenon top of the CSPC i.e., extra software written by the Nos team based on the CSPC 2.0 basecode to cater to a group of customers. CSPC-NOS support on both Windows and Linux Cent OSplatform. The Windows CSPC-NOS client can connect to the CSPC-NOS Linux server and vice-versa. Devices can be added manually or using the import seed file. When importing a seed file/When Device discovery is triggered the Device discovery module collects light inventory datafrom the devices. The light inventory data contain information like Sys Object Id, device family,OS-version etc. . (This information collected can be seen by going to Reports->Managed Devices)This light inventory data is used by the inventory module to load the model rule for the respectivedevice. This data is also used by the base collector to decide whether the device is managedor unmanaged.Responsibilities:https://www.indeed.com/r/Tejasri-Gunnam/6ef1426c95ee894c?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN Involved Identifying Scenarios to be tested Preparing Test Cases Executing Test Cases Automating Testcases using TCL scripting Preparing Progress Report for Sign Off Test Plan Traceability Matrix Order Progression Raising and reporting defects to dev team Defect Management on monthly basis Participated in Defect prevention meetings on quarterly basis to reduce defect density.Security Testing: Threat Modelling Gap Analysis using CSERV Manual Penetration Testing (Proxy testing and SSL scanning) Vulnerability Assessment using Nessus and Retina toolsDECLARATIONI hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bearthe responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars.Date:Place:Bangalore ( G Tejasri)EDUCATIONB.Tech in Electrical and Electronics EngineeringPondicherry University - Puducherry, PuducherryM.Tech in Power Electronics and Instrumentation EngineeringJawaharlal Nehru Technological UniversitySKILLSGap Analysis (5 years), Nessus (5 years), Security (5 years), SSL (5 years), testing (5 years)ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSKILL SETDatabases: Oracle &SQL ServerOperating System: MS-DOS, Windows 98/XP &UNIX, Windows 7Languages: C, C++Testing Tools: Q.T.P, Win Runner7.5, Load Runner 9.5Networking: Hands on Experience On Cisco devices, AAA, TACACS, RADIUS, VPNsSecurity: Security scans using Nessus and Retina tools, Penetrationtesting using Proxy and SSL scans, GAP Analysis using CSERV

Urshila LohaniSenior Corporate Account Executive - MongoDBGurgaon, Haryana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Urshila-Lohani/ab8d3dc6dd8b13f0Willing to relocate: AnywhereWORK EXPERIENCESenior Corporate Account ExecutiveMongoDB - Gurgaon, Haryana -May 2016 to Present Designed and implemented a 2-year sales strategy for South India Region; revenues grew 4X. Trained sales team of 35 from 20 partner companies; revenues generated through partnersincreased 50%. Led Business development team of 5 to build pipeline of 4X. Acquired 32 new accounts with industry leaders including Intuit, IBM, Wipro, McAfee, Airtel,Religare and Adobe; 100% renewals in all existing accounts. Initiated, designed and executed marketing events; attendees included 200 IT heads;generated $1Mpipeline. Ranked in top 5% of global sales team of 322; Awarded thrice for highest quarterly revenuesin APAC. Won Excellence Club Award in FY17 and FY18.Account ManagerRed Hat - Bengaluru, Karnataka -June 2014 to May 2016 Responsible for sales of entire Red Hat Product Portfolio in Mid market and Enterprise Accountsin West and South India Region. Introduced Customer Success Program; renewals up 20%; revenues rose 12%. Formulated sales strategies and achieved $4M in sales. Won multiple awards (four quarters - highest revenues closed) and (2 consecutive years - 100%Club Award). Improved brand presence in small cities and towns; inducted new partners; revenue drivenby partnerchannels up 26% Designed events engaging IT Directors & CxOs; penetrated 7 key accounts; generated $400Kpipeline.Account ManagerOracle - Noida, Uttar Pradesh -May 2013 to May 2014https://www.indeed.com/r/Urshila-Lohani/ab8d3dc6dd8b13f0?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INBusiness Development RepOracle -September 2011 to April 2013 Responsible for MySQL, Oracle Linux and VM Sales in North Central US Region. Generate opportunities using Linkedin, Hoovers, Job Portals, Marketing Leads and Oracle Installbase. Work closely with Channel Partners, Resellers and Oracle Internal Counterparts to increasecustomer base. Designed & developed Pipeline Generation kits for Sales team of 12. Awarded in Q1 and Q2 FY13 for highest quarterly achievement in the team; 100% Annual Quotaachieved for FY12 and FY13. Revamped email marketing campaigns led to 15% higher response rate. Initiated a structured mentorship program for MySQL Team; Training times down by 2 Months;productivityup 50%.EDUCATIONB Tech Honors in TechnicalCollege of Engineering - Roorkee, UttarakhandAugust 2007 to May 2011

Vamsi krishnahyderbad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Vamsi-krishna/15906b55159d4088Willing to relocate to: hyderbad, TelanganaWORK EXPERIENCESoftware developerMicrosoftIam need What i amEDUCATIONBscShri gnanambika degree collegeSKILLSAnalytics, Researchhttps://www.indeed.com/r/Vamsi-krishna/15906b55159d4088?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN

VARUN AHLUWALIAQuantitative Analyst- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/VARUN-AHLUWALIA/725d9b113f3c4f0cWORK EXPERIENCESoftware EngineerTavant - Bangalore, Karnataka -April 2005 to April 2006 Implemented online retail sale management solution for industrial manufacturinggiant Ingersoll Rand. Implemented secondary mortgage solution for leading wholesale lender Ameriquest.Software EngineerPatni - Bangalore, Karnataka -August 2004 to April 2005 Built profitability reports for using Oracle Financial AnalyticsEDUCATIONMaster of Science in Financial MathematicsUniversity of Chicago - Chicago, ILJune 2010Bachelor of Technology in Civil EngineeringIndian Institutes of Technology IIT KanpurJuly 2004ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSKILLSProgramming  JAVA, C++, C, Matlab, SQLOperating System  Windows, Linuxhttps://www.indeed.com/r/VARUN-AHLUWALIA/725d9b113f3c4f0c?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN

Vijayalakshmi GovindarajanSAP as a Consultant - SAP BasisChennai, Tamil Nadu - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Vijayalakshmi-Govindarajan/d71bfb70a66b0046Willing to relocate: AnywhereWORK EXPERIENCESAP as a ConsultantSAP Basis -May 2012 to PresentInvolved in 3 support Projects and 1 implementation Project. System Build, System Refresh, system upgrade and system maintenance activities. Self-motivated and goal-oriented, with a strong ability to organize and prioritize tasksefficiently. Excellent team player with good communication, analytical, problem solving skills. Certification Done: Oracle certified Java Programmer Finished Diploma in Java course from NIITEDUCATIONMCA in Computer ApplicationsThiagarajar School of Management - Madurai, Tamil NaduBScSri Sathya Sai Institute of Higher Learning - Anantapur, Andhra PradeshHSCTVS Lakshmi Matriculation Higher Secondary School - Madurai, Tamil NaduSSLCTVS Lakshmi Matriculation Higher Secondary School - Madurai, Tamil NaduSKILLSJAVA (6 years), ORACLE (6 years), SAP (6 years), ABAP (Less than 1 year), ACCESS (Less than 1year)ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTECHNICAL EXPERTISEhttps://www.indeed.com/r/Vijayalakshmi-Govindarajan/d71bfb70a66b0046?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INhttps://www.indeed.com/r/Vijayalakshmi-Govindarajan/d71bfb70a66b0046?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INOperating System Worked on UNIX AIX and Windows Environment. Troubleshooting & Identifying OS level Bottle necks. Monitoring Top CPU Utilization/Memory Utilization issues at OS-level. Administrating File system and permission issues at OS-Level.Database Administration Database administration on Oracle 10 g, 11 g, 12 c. Monitoring & perform database backup at DB13 level. Cluster Administration on Oracle 11 g, 12 c..SAP HANA Database Administration Monitoring HANA DB and to troubleshoot performance issues using HANA studio. Importing and activating views and procedures. Troubleshooting HANA data and log backup issues. Monitoring top CPU Utilization/Memory Utilization issues at OS-level. SLT Replication of tables from ECC to HANA DB.Third Party Tools Worked Open text. PAS - Pay metric Adapters. TRAX HP, Service now. CPS, Redwood Job scheduling. Vertex.Programming KnowledgeC, C++, Core Java, J2EE, EJB, StrutsContributions and Achievements Conducted training for New joiners Conducted team meetings and internal training sessions Received "Manager's Choice Award" thrice for managing crisis situation Received "Deep Skill Adder Award" every quarter for taking Personal interestPROJECT (Support): 1Organization: IBM India PVT LTDRole: SAP Basis ConsultantClient: Maersk Line- MLIT BasisDatabase: Oracle 11gPlatform: Linux 2.6Period: April 2015 to September 2016 and from Aug 01, 2017 to till dateResponsibilities: Creation of OSS ID and registering Developer for Access key and Object key in SMP. Apply OSS Notes using SNOTE. Experience on deployment of digital signature in Java Landscape. Apply SPAM/SAINT, Support Packages, and Add-ons. Performance Monitoring for ECC, BI, SRM, CRM, and PI systems. Handling user tickets and system performance tickets. Background Job Administration such as scheduling/Cancelling and Troubleshooting backgroundjobs as per client requirement ' Performed daily health checks across the landscape. Analyzing and troubleshooting daily issues occurred in health checks. Index rebuild for BW and ECC systems. Run update stats for ECC and BW tables. Printer configuration. Detecting Expensive SQL statements Monitoring and troubleshooting JAVA systems using NWA and admin tools like Visual Admin tooland Config tool. Database cluster Administration. System Refresh from Production to Quality and Pre Prod. System Restore from Production to Quality, Pre Prod. Same system restore System Upgrade from EHP 6 to EHP 7. Kernel upgrade for the entire landscape. System Build for System Upgrade. DB Export and Import across the landscape.PROJECT (Implementation): 2Organization: IBM India PVT LTDRole: SAP Basis ConsultantClient: Maersk Line- MLIT Build BasisDatabase: Oracle 11gPlatform: Linux 2.6Period: September 2016 to July 2017Responsibilities: Creation Database Source in Java systems. Creation of Product, Software Component, Business Systems and Technical Systems in PO SLDs. Performance capture whenever test load went into the system. Troubleshooting JAVA and ABAP stack systems. Creating source systems in BW systems, Maintaining and troubleshooting RFC connections forthe same. Client opening and closing depending up on requirement. Creating OSS messages on various issues to SAP in SMP. SSO Configuration in Solution Manager.PROJECT (Support): 3Organization: IBM India PVT LTDRole: SAP Basis ConsultantClient: EricssonDatabase: Oracle 11gPlatform: Linux 2.6SAP: ECC 6.0, BW ABAP 7.31Period: July 2013 to November 2014.Responsibilities:Performed all SAP Basis Activities like Performance monitoring, Monthly report generation. Printer configuration. Detecting Expensive SQL statements Monitoring and troubleshooting JAVA systems using NWA and admin tools like Visual Admin tooland Config tool. Table space monitoring using BRTOOLS. Database Administration using BRTOOLS. Kernel upgrades for the entire landscape. Part of EHP upgrade from ERP6.0 EHP 6 to ERP6.0 EHP 7PROJECT (Support): 4Organization: IBM India PVT LTDRole: Associate SAP Basis Consultant L1Client: Unilever, UKDatabase: Oracle 10gPlatform: Linux 2.6 Linux V 6.2SAP: ECC 6.0, BW ABAP 7.31, CRM 7.31Period: May 2012 to June 2013.Responsibilities:Performed all SAP Basis Activities like Production System Performance monitoring, Monthly reportgeneration. Performance Monitoring for ECC, BI, SRM, CRM, and PI systems. Handling User tickets. Background Job Administration such as scheduling/Cancelling and Troubleshooting backgroundjobs as per client requirement ' Performed daily health checks across the landscape. Analyzing and troubleshooting daily issues occurred in health checks. Importing Transports across the Landscape. Creating/modifying User roles as per client requirement.PESONAL DETAILS:Name: Vijayalakshmi Govindarajan

Vikas SinghChandigarh, Chandigarh - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Vikas-Singh/8644db42854c4f6aI've 4.6 years of IT experience in Identity and Access Management with Infosys limited. It involvestroubleshooting and resolving workflow errors and provisioning user access. I perform identityand access management activities, updating existing access and provisioning workflows, manageoperations within the IAM environment. Currently I'm working on automating the work flow ofSecurity Intelligence and Response Team with Phantom and Python scripting.I'm trained in Python, Solaris administration, Java and PLSQL. I'm able to handle multiple tasksand work as a team Member. I've excellent analytical, problem solving and programming skills.I'm committed; goal oriented, & has zeal to learn new things & technologies.I am graduated in Electronics and Communication Engineering in 2013 with excellent grades. Ipossess good problem solving & interpersonal skills, good communication skills and team spirit.WORK EXPERIENCETechnology AnalystInfosys Limited - Chandigarh, Chandigarh -October 2013 to PresentA. Change Management:Installing and upgrading RT and RTIR for improved request handling with MySQL database.B. Python Automation:Automating various use cases for the Security Intelligence and Response Team using Pythonscripting and Phantom tool integrating it with various tools i.e. Splunk, Request Tracker forIncident Response (RTIR), Remedy etc.Below are the use cases details:Use Cases DescriptionProxy Blocks Enable the ability to block domains and URLs automatically on Bluecoat proxiesusing a list maintained in SPLUNKPalo Alto Blocks Enable the ability to block domains and URLs automatically on Palo Alto proxiesusing a list maintained in SPLUNKThreat Intel Email feed ingestion Take emails from an external distribution group and parse theemails for IOCsEmail EradicationWhen a Malicious email has been detected as being received in the Microsoft Exchange emailsystem perform eradication steps to remove the email from the email messaging platformEmail Quarantine Email addresses alerted as malicious need to be added to a quarantine listMalware Response When malware is detected by alert or scanning initiate containmentprocedures for the affected device in questionUnapproved Deviceshttps://www.indeed.com/r/Vikas-Singh/8644db42854c4f6a?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INWhen alerts for Unapproved Devices, equipment that is not in Organization's asset inventory, istriggered containment needs to occur for the device in questionIOC Detect and Scanning using Tanium and Fireeye HXWhen Indicators of Compromise, IOC, are received from various sources, threat intel feeds,exploded malware the network environment needs to be scanned for any of the indicators ofcompromise provided.Clear Text Passwords detectedAutomatically flag users password to reset in Active Directory when an alert in SPLUNK for a cleartext password detected firesCreate ticket from Splunk or MSSP AlertDevelop a script that takes the details of an alert from an alert generated in SPLUNK and createor append to a ticket in the ticketing system in useTriage and Identification Execute the triage and identification steps that are performed manuallytodayInformation Security AnalystInfosys Limited - Chandigarh, Chandigarh -2013 to PresentA. Identity managementInfosys Limited -May 2014 to December 2017management May 2014 - Dec 2017Following are my roles and responsibilities in the project:A. Identity management:Tracking and processing identity creation for all the new hires along with basic access e.g.: Email,Active Directory accounts and including mandatory security related groups. Also, making sureaccess is disabled on the user's departure date and cleaning up of all the access. Reviewingaccess periodically and updating it accordingly.B. Access management:This involves provisioning/de-provisioning access to users across 300+ applications using variousglobal and in house tools like RSA security console, SAP, Identity IIQ etc. across multiple platformslike, UNIX, Database and application front end. Making sure standard operative procedures (SOP)are followed, validation checks are completed and appropriate approvals are gathered beforeaccess is granted.C. Quality Management:Performing quality checks on random samples of requests on daily basis and sharing QAP resultswith administrators.- Monitoring and tracking the corrective actions are taken within defined timeframe.- Doing RCA on major issues- Developing Service Improvement Plan (SIP) and Process Improvement Plan (PIP) based on theQAP analysisD. Risk Management:Identifying risk areas through daily and periodic report E.g. Segregation of duties violation (SOD)report, Active directory infraction report etc.- Working with various teams to mitigate the violations.- Assisting auditors by provide details and justification on audit samples.E. Client Coordination:Coordinating with client daily, weekly for the operations, issues and feedback with the respectivereports prepared.EDUCATIONBachelor of Technology in Electronics and Communication EngineeringGLA Institute of Technology and Management - Mathura, Uttar PradeshSeptember 2009 to June 2013SKILLSSECURITY (5 years), INFORMATION SECURITY (5 years), ACTIVE DIRECTORY (3 years), UNIX(Less than 1 year)ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTECHNICAL SKILLS Operating Systems: Windows, Solaris Languages: Python, Core Java, SQL, Unix Software: Sailpoint IIQ, Oracle IAM, Beeline, SAP, Active Directory, Phantom, Quest changeauditor, Microsoft Office Suite Information Security: Concepts and best practices

Yasothai JayaramachandranLead Engineer - Automation & TestingChennai, TAMIL NADU, IN - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Yasothai-Jayaramachandran/c36e76b64d9f477f 4 years of experience in testing methodologies: Automation, Regression, Sanity and Manual. Hands-on experience in Selenium Webdriver with Python Automation. Skilled in IDE's Pycharm, Eclipse[Pydev plugin], Selenium for testing the web browser usingPython. Expertise in developing automation scripts and testing various components. Skilled in providing effective and quality automation process. Hands-on experience in functional automation scripts using TCL Programming, Python. Experienced in planning, designing, developing and deploying testing strategies. Trained and worked closely along with developers and dev-test (manual) engineers forautomation tasks. Good experience in reviewing the automated TCL, Python Scripts developed by the teammembers. Extracting data from excel and csv files, posting results in excel file with Python. Experience in Agile development -Played responsible role Scrum master for Automation.WORK EXPERIENCELead Engineer - Automation & TestingCisco Systems -January 2014 to June 2015DURATION Jan-2014 to Jun-2015TEAM SIZE 20ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIESLead Engineer - Automation & Testing Identified the cases for giving the support to the WAAS product with v6 addressing from thetest plan Played an active role - Scrum Master for the Automation. Activity participated and organized the automation team to work on agile methodologies. Prepared the HLD document for the automatable cases. Automated around 1000+ cases in SNMP and Platform module. Automated the basic sanity test cases and executing sanity testing for the v6 support. Involved is regressing all the automated suites. Performed regression for all the automated cases through ATS framework with aetest scripttemplate. Reviewed the automated cases developed by team members. Regression Testing Defect filing in CDETS/Rally Worked on Agile development methodologiesLANGUAGE TCL Programming, Python, Seleniumhttps://www.indeed.com/r/Yasothai-Jayaramachandran/c36e76b64d9f477f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INhttps://www.indeed.com/r/Yasothai-Jayaramachandran/c36e76b64d9f477f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INRELEASES HornetDESCRIPTION IPv6, formerly named IPng (next generation), is the latest version of the Internet Protocol (IP). IPis a packet-based protocol used to exchange data, voice, and video traffic over digital networks Cisco's Wide-Area Application Services IPv4 users can move to IPv6 and receive services suchas end-to-end security, quality of service (QoS), and globally unique addresses. The IPv6 addressspace reduces the need for private addresses and Network Address Translation (NAT) processingby border routers at network edges. Implementing basic IPv6 connectivity in the Cisco IOS software consists of assigning IPv6addresses to individual router interfaces. The forwarding of IPv6 traffic can be enabled globally,and Cisco Express Forwarding switching for IPv6 can also be enabled The primary motivation for IPv6 is the need to meet the demand for globally unique IPaddresses. Mainly involves to checks the functionality of all waas features to work with v6 addressingPRODUCT IPv6 Support on WAAS (Wide Area Application Services)PROJECT CISCO-WAAS Express (WEXP)Member Technical Staff - Automation & TestingCisco Systems -January 2013 to December 2013DURATION Jan-2013 to December-2013TEAM SIZE 21ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIESMember Technical Staff - Automation & Testing Identified the automatable cases from the test plan. Prepared the HLD document for the automatable cases. Automated test cases for various components on the wexp product for the functionality check. Worked on Config_Sync, HTTP, HTTPS, SSL, SMB_AO component automation. Automated around 200+ cases for various components. Performed regression for all the automated cases through ATS framework with aetest scripttemplate. Reviewed the automated cases developed by team members. Involved in executing all the automated cases for various releases as Phase1, Phase2 (pi19-25)and posted results in TIMS tool. Regression Testing Defect filing in CDETSLANGUAGE TCL Programming, PythonRELEASES Phase1 &Phase2 (with 535)DESCRIPTION Cisco's Wide-Area Application Services (WAAS) Express feature is a key component of the CiscoWAAS product portfolio. WAAS Express is a cost-effective, IOS-based, WAN optimization solutionthat increases the amount of available bandwidth for small-to-mid-size branch offices and remotelocations, while accelerating TCP-based applications that operate in a WAN environment. The Wide-Area Application Services (WAAS) Express software optimizes TCP traffic flows acrossa WAN. WAAS Express integrates with native services such as security, NetFlow, and quality ofservice (QoS). WAAS Express provides the following benefits: Bandwidth optimization Application acceleration Increase in remote user productivity Interoperation with existing Cisco WAAS infrastructure Network transparency Deployment flexibility with on-demand service enablement The Wexp is about the wide Area Application Service on IOS (Router) itself. Mainly involves to checks the functionality of optimizing the various Ao's like HTTP, SSL, HTTPS,SMB and Config_sync.PRODUCT WAAS Express(Wide Area Application Services)PROJECT CISCO-WAASCLIENT Cisco SystemsORGANISATION HCL Technologies LtdSoftware Engineer - Automation & Testing-June 2011 to December 2012 Identified the automatable cases from the test plan. Prepared the HLD document for the automatable cases. Automated test cases for various components on the waas product for the functionality check. Worked on Plaform, SNMP, SSL, HTTP component automation. Automated around 600+ cases for various components. Performed regression for all the automated cases through ATS framework with aetest scripttemplate. Active Participation in automating test cases for sanity test. Reviewed the automated cases developed by team members. Involved in executing all the automated cases and reporting bugs/defects. Worked on various releases of the products (Lancer, Phoenix, Skyhawk) for regressing theautomated cases and posted results in TIMS tool. Defect filing in CDETSLANGUAGE TCL Programming, PythonRELEASES LANCER, PHOENIX, SKYHAWK, SPRITDESCRIPTION Wide Area Application Services (WAAS) is a Cisco Systems technology that improves theperformance of applications on a wide area network (WAN). WAAS combines Cisco's Wide AreaFile Services (WAFS-products allow remote office users to access and share files globally atLAN speeds over the WAN) with WAN optimization inside of a router, accelerating TCP-basedapplications on a given network. WAAS system consists of a set of devices called wide area application engines (WAEs) that worktogether to optimize TCP traffic over your network. When client and server applications attemptto communicate with each other, the network intercepts and redirects this traffic to the WAEs sothat they can act on behalf of the client application and the destination server. The WAEs examine the traffic and use built-in application policies to determine whether tooptimize the traffic or allow it to pass through your network un optimized Mainly involves optimizing the various Ao's like HTTP, SSL, HTTPS and functional wise platformcheck.PRODUCT WAAS(Wide Area Application Services)EDUCATIONB.E in CSEANNA University2011Day Adventist Matric Hr.Sec School2005 to 2007SKILLSoptimization (2 years), Python (4 years), router (4 years), TCL (4 years), Testing (4 years)ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTechnical SkillsProgramming Languages Python, TCL, Power Query, SQL, Shell Scripting, C#Concepts Networking, WAAS (Wan Optimization), WAAS on Router, WAE(Wide Area Engine),WCCP Protocol,Automation Framework ATS (Automated Test System), Selenium Testing FrameworkIDE(Integrated Development Environment) Eclipse, Pycharm, Pydev[Plugin for eclipse IDE]SoftwareEclipse CDETS & Rally (Bug Tracking), eARMS (Regression testing), ACME(Versioning),TIMS(Reporting), HTMLTestRunner, Power Query(Automation), ARAS PLM(Product LifecycleManagement), AML Studio (adaptive markup language)Operating Systems Windows XP/10, Linux

Yathishwaran PMaximo Consultant - Infosys LimitedNamakkal, Tamil Nadu - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Yathishwaran-P/a9c8d42210af40b8 Maximo Consultant in Infosys Limited, Chennai from August 2013 till date (around 4.8 years) IT professional with 4.4 years of experience in BIRT reporting, application support in IBM MAXIMOApplication. IBM Certified MAXIMO ASSET MANAGEMENT, PURCHASE ORDER, PROCUREMENT, PURCHASEREQUISITION Professional Submitted Internal tutorial document on Configuration of Hover Dialogs and Its usage in MaximoV7.6 Worked on various customer requirements and having overall experience with Preventive Maintenance Maximo automation and implementation MBO customizations Data Supply chain Portals, Workflows Designing Reports/Query Creation Work order tracking, Invoicing, Purchase order Asset Management Maximo Integration Framework (MIF) Labors, Crews, Security Group Set up Domains, Database configuration Basics of BIRT, Cognos Reporting, Monitor logs from Admin console. Maximo Java customization Maximo Installation/Upgradation Basic WebSphere function Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work in team efficiently. Customer Service supportexperience in a helpdesk environment. Strong dedication towards work to ensure delivery of projects according to the schedules.Proactively approached for delivering excellent customer service and liaising with stakeholders. Ambitious, enthusiastic and highly motivated person with excellent problem solving skills andalso having ability to quickly master new technologies and skills. Maintains effective work behavior in the face of setbacks or pressure. Strong multi-taskingcapability, target and deadline oriented. Engaging and resilient communicator demonstrating influencing skills and an ability to adaptapproaches to differing situationsWilling to relocate to: Chennai, Tamil Nadu - Mysore, Karnataka - Bengaluru, KarnatakaWORK EXPERIENCEMaximo ConsultantInfosys Limited - Chennai, Tamil Nadu -August 2013 to Presenthttps://www.indeed.com/r/Yathishwaran-P/a9c8d42210af40b8?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INaround 4.8 years) IT professional with 4.4 years of experience in BIRT reporting, application support in IBM MAXIMOApplication. IBM Certified MAXIMO ASSET MANAGEMENT, PURCHASE ORDER, PROCUREMENT, PURCHASEREQUISITION Professional Submitted Internal tutorial document on Configuration of Hover Dialogs and Its usage in MaximoV7.6 Worked on various customer requirements and having overall experience with Preventive Maintenance Maximo automation and implementation MBO customizations Data Supply chain Portals, Workflows Designing Reports/Query Creation Work order tracking, Invoicing, Purchase order Asset Management Maximo Integration Framework (MIF) Labors, Crews, Security Group Set up Domains, Database configuration Basics of BIRT, Cognos Reporting, Monitor logs from Admin console. Maximo Java customization Maximo Installation/Upgradation Basic WebSphere function Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work in team efficiently. Customer Service supportexperience in a helpdesk environment. Strong dedication towards work to ensure delivery of projects according to the schedules.Proactively approached for delivering excellent customer service and liaising with stakeholders. Ambitious, enthusiastic and highly motivated person with excellent problem solving skills andalso having ability to quickly master new technologies and skills. Maintains effective work behavior in the face of setbacks or pressure. Strong multi-taskingcapability, target and deadline oriented. Engaging and resilient communicator demonstrating influencing skills and an ability to adaptapproaches to differing situationsRole: Senior Systems Engineer Working as Maximo Consultant for Bombardier Transportation, Canada Strong knowledge in Maximo configuration using Automation Scripting, Database configuration,Application Designer, Domains, Workflows and other major applications Providing efficient solution for the issues related to Work orders, Asset configuration, ItemMaster, Preventive Maintenance, Inventory, Domain related issue Thorough implementation, support knowledge of Bombardier Transportation Maximo version4, 6, 7.1 and 7.6. Having experience in Maximo Implementation, L2 and L3 support, and deployment activities Having experience in Incident Management, Problem management, Change management,Service Request, and other applications. Delivering 100% effectiveness in resolving ticket by ensuring compliance with client ServiceLevel Agreements (SLAs) Developing Conditional Queries/Reports to verify the desired results. Worked on various formal and informal production reports. Created the template for maintaining the application maintenance activities. Worked in many configuration management applications for asset management relatedactivities for future implementation. Working in 247 support. Resolved many critical issues which appreciated by clientBIRT ReportsBTRAMR0001SYSER.rptdesign (Work order report): My client was using default BTRAMR2 Work order reports. They also use a different work orderreport in Maximo V4 and V6. The earlier used report have many drawbacks such asNo Flexibility for modification since it is used by many divisionsEmpty boxes, lot of missing informationNot align with Systems objectives and processesHistorical context on the asset is missingEsthetical issues: Font too small, input fields not instinctiveNo bar coding used The outcome of this report is a form to support technician's work and regulation and givethem simplicity to input information. It covers the full spectra of requirements of System Servicesdivisions. This report is site specific one and it will display the WO details along with its task WOs andfailure reporting information. Each site is having their own logo. This current report will display the logo based on site. It was implemented in V7.1 only. In V7.1 we do not have the option of auto resetting pagenumbers (i.e., while displaying multiple WOs, for each new WO page number will not be resetautomatically) . I have implemented this option in this report. Language Translation was used for this report in German and French I did not use IBM templates for this report. I have customized our own template in this report.BTRAMR0009.rptdesign (Availability Report): This particular report relates to the requirement of the business to be able to create aAvailability Graph based on selected Train Assets, a timeframe and selected work types / workorder parameters. Availability can be calculated based on a Fleet or a single Train. The business requirement is tobe able to select this base as needed to suit the project or view needed at that time.BTRAMR0027.rptdesign (Card Stock Report):Existing report functionality: Technician requiring a part will take the component in its bin along with an Inventory Card. Thetechnician reports the consumption at the exit of the storeroom on the Kiosk computer wherehe scans its Work Order and the Inventory Card in the application Issue and Transfer of Maximo.When we rebuild something internally, the technician will bring the new assembly in store, grabthe Inventory Card and he will report the return in store against the rebuilt Work order.Objectives: Created a card stock report in order to match the existing Inventory Card tool developed bySystems. Increase reporting of consumption Redefine the process of cycle count (80% efficiency in Systems) The report will be based on inventory information and will introduce the notion of real time toincrease precisionBTRAMR0001SBB.rptdesign (Report Change): The report BTRAMR0001SBB was developed for the European project. It is based on theBTRAMR0001MLM report and currently uses only launch option 2 and 3 of the BTRAMR0001MLMreport. The client requested to have option 1 (type=1) of the BTRAMR0001MLM implemented inthe BTRAMR0001SBB report as well as the translation of the labels from French to English.Objectives: To have define the type=1, report definition for BTRAMR0001SBB To have the labels translated from French to EnglishBTRAMR0002.rptdesign (Systems Purchase Requisition Report): The current PR report does not have bar-coding feature and is formatted too small. This is anoperational report; it will be used in real time. Have a common and standardized PR report across all Systems services sites with the supportof bar-codingIncident Management Solution report: The report displays the overall ticket progress. It shows count of tickets raised and assigned toboth Infosys and Client queue. We can view the total no. of tickets raised for various applicationgroups such as Maximo, Kronos and BIEM. It also further categories the ticket count based onticket priority and the status. This helps in analyzing the data from ticketing tool. There might be cases where different teams work on the tickets raised. This reports helps toanalyses the team wise ticket count. We can there by monitor the performance of various teams. This report displays the number of Incidents and Service Requests logged in each month. Alsoit shows total tickets (Incidents + Service requests) logged in each month. This Report shows the number of tickets logged per country and it has been grouped monthwise for various application groups such as Maximo, Kronos and BIEM within a date range.Vend_Reported_hrs. rptdesign (Vendor Reported Hours): This report will fetch the details of vendor type labor working hours for each WOs.Role: Quality Anchor Working as Quality Anchor for my team, which involves creating defect prevention analysis,tracking all the works and auditing for quality Providing Statistics about the monthly activities done by the team From defect prevent analysis focus on specific topic and conducting brainstorming session withteam to avoid the defects Responsible for gathering the requirements from Client and participate in Client Conferences. Divide the requirements into various sprints based on the velocity. Distribute the requirements to the team and monitor the development progress and provideclarification on the technical/functional requirements. Mentor for the new members joining the team.Other Job Related Activities: Successfully Completed Training in Design Thinking course and Kronos tool which keeps trackson Work force management.Maximo consultantInfosys Limitedaround 4.8 years) IT professional with 4.4 years of experience in BIRT reporting, application support in IBM MAXIMOApplication. IBM Certified MAXIMO ASSET MANAGEMENT, PURCHASE ORDER, PROCUREMENT, PURCHASEREQUISITION Professional Submitted Internal tutorial document on Configuration of Hover Dialogs and Its usage in MaximoV7.6 Worked on various customer requirements and having overall experience with Preventive Maintenance Maximo automation and implementation MBO customizations Data Supply chain Portals, Workflows Designing Reports/Query Creation Work order tracking, Invoicing, Purchase order Asset Management Maximo Integration Framework (MIF) Labors, Crews, Security Group Set up Domains, Database configuration Basics of BIRT, Cognos Reporting, Monitor logs from Admin console. Maximo Java customization Maximo Installation/Upgradation Basic WebSphere function Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work in team efficiently. Customer Service supportexperience in a helpdesk environment. Strong dedication towards work to ensure delivery of projects according to the schedules.Proactively approached for delivering excellent customer service and liaising with stakeholders. Ambitious, enthusiastic and highly motivated person with excellent problem solving skills andalso having ability to quickly master new technologies and skills. Maintains effective work behavior in the face of setbacks or pressure. Strong multi-taskingcapability, target and deadline oriented. Engaging and resilient communicator demonstrating influencing skills and an ability to adaptapproaches to differing situationsRole: Senior Systems Engineer Working as Maximo Consultant for Bombardier Transportation, Canada Strong knowledge in Maximo configuration using Automation Scripting, Database configuration,Application Designer, Domains, Workflows and other major applications Providing efficient solution for the issues related to Work orders, Asset configuration, ItemMaster, Preventive Maintenance, Inventory, Domain related issue Thorough implementation, support knowledge of Bombardier Transportation Maximo version4, 6, 7.1 and 7.6. Having experience in Maximo Implementation, L2 and L3 support, and deployment activities Having experience in Incident Management, Problem management, Change management,Service Request, and other applications. Delivering 100% effectiveness in resolving ticket by ensuring compliance with client ServiceLevel Agreements (SLAs) Developing Conditional Queries/Reports to verify the desired results. Worked on various formal and informal production reports. Created the template for maintaining the application maintenance activities. Worked in many configuration management applications for asset management relatedactivities for future implementation. Working in 247 support. Resolved many critical issues which appreciated by clientBIRT ReportsBTRAMR0001SYSER.rptdesign (Work order report): My client was using default BTRAMR2 Work order reports. They also use a different work orderreport in Maximo V4 and V6. The earlier used report have many drawbacks such asNo Flexibility for modification since it is used by many divisionsEmpty boxes, lot of missing informationNot align with Systems objectives and processesHistorical context on the asset is missingEsthetical issues: Font too small, input fields not instinctiveNo bar coding used The outcome of this report is a form to support technician's work and regulation and givethem simplicity to input information. It covers the full spectra of requirements of System Servicesdivisions. This report is site specific one and it will display the WO details along with its task WOs andfailure reporting information. Each site is having their own logo. This current report will display the logo based on site. It was implemented in V7.1 only. In V7.1 we do not have the option of auto resetting pagenumbers (i.e., while displaying multiple WOs, for each new WO page number will not be resetautomatically) . I have implemented this option in this report. Language Translation was used for this report in German and French I did not use IBM templates for this report. I have customized our own template in this report.BTRAMR0009.rptdesign (Availability Report): This particular report relates to the requirement of the business to be able to create aAvailability Graph based on selected Train Assets, a timeframe and selected work types / workorder parameters. Availability can be calculated based on a Fleet or a single Train. The business requirement is tobe able to select this base as needed to suit the project or view needed at that time.BTRAMR0027.rptdesign (Card Stock Report):Existing report functionality: Technician requiring a part will take the component in its bin along with an Inventory Card. Thetechnician reports the consumption at the exit of the storeroom on the Kiosk computer wherehe scans its Work Order and the Inventory Card in the application Issue and Transfer of Maximo.When we rebuild something internally, the technician will bring the new assembly in store, grabthe Inventory Card and he will report the return in store against the rebuilt Work order.Objectives: Created a card stock report in order to match the existing Inventory Card tool developed bySystems. Increase reporting of consumption Redefine the process of cycle count (80% efficiency in Systems) The report will be based on inventory information and will introduce the notion of real time toincrease precisionBTRAMR0001SBB.rptdesign (Report Change): The report BTRAMR0001SBB was developed for the European project. It is based on theBTRAMR0001MLM report and currently uses only launch option 2 and 3 of the BTRAMR0001MLMreport. The client requested to have option 1 (type=1) of the BTRAMR0001MLM implemented inthe BTRAMR0001SBB report as well as the translation of the labels from French to English.Objectives: To have define the type=1, report definition for BTRAMR0001SBB To have the labels translated from French to EnglishBTRAMR0002.rptdesign (Systems Purchase Requisition Report): The current PR report does not have bar-coding feature and is formatted too small. This is anoperational report; it will be used in real time. Have a common and standardized PR report across all Systems services sites with the supportof bar-codingIncident Management Solution report: The report displays the overall ticket progress. It shows count of tickets raised and assigned toboth Infosys and Client queue. We can view the total no. of tickets raised for various applicationgroups such as Maximo, Kronos and BIEM. It also further categories the ticket count based onticket priority and the status. This helps in analyzing the data from ticketing tool. There might be cases where different teams work on the tickets raised. This reports helps toanalyses the team wise ticket count. We can there by monitor the performance of various teams. This report displays the number of Incidents and Service Requests logged in each month. Alsoit shows total tickets (Incidents + Service requests) logged in each month. This Report shows the number of tickets logged per country and it has been grouped monthwise for various application groups such as Maximo, Kronos and BIEM within a date range.Vend_Reported_hrs. rptdesign (Vendor Reported Hours): This report will fetch the details of vendor type labor working hours for each WOs.Role: Quality Anchor Working as Quality Anchor for my team, which involves creating defect prevention analysis,tracking all the works and auditing for quality Providing Statistics about the monthly activities done by the team From defect prevent analysis focus on specific topic and conducting brainstorming session withteam to avoid the defects Responsible for gathering the requirements from Client and participate in Client Conferences. Divide the requirements into various sprints based on the velocity. Distribute the requirements to the team and monitor the development progress and provideclarification on the technical/functional requirements. Mentor for the new members joining the team.Other Job Related Activities: Successfully Completed Training in Design Thinking course and Kronos tool which keeps trackson Work force management.EDUCATIONBachelor of Engineering in Electronics and Communication in Electronicsand CommunicationNandha Engineering College - Erode, Tamil Nadu2012Secondary EducationGovernment Boys Higher Secondary School - Pallipalayam, Namakkal, IN2008SKILLSCODA (4 years), Cognos (4 years), Database (4 years), Eclipse (Less than 1 year), IBM COGNOS(4 years)ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTechnical Skills:Reporting Tools BIRT, Cognos (Basics)Database OracleOperating Systems WindowsLanguages SQL, JavaScriptingWeb Technologies Tools HTML SQL Developer, Eclipse

Yogi PesaruDeveloper - Infosys LimitedHyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Yogi-Pesaru/2ed7aded59ecf425 Total IT experience of 4.6 years in IT Industry. Currently working as SAP PI/XI and Dell Boomi developer. Good communication, interpersonal and Client interaction skills with clear understanding ofthe requirements. Trained on SAP ABAP, SAP BASIS, SAP HANA (HCI), DELL Boomi. Worked on PI 7.1, 7.31, Dell Boomi Atomsphere. Good knowledge of Core Java and good command in writing UDFs for Graphical Mapping. Created Technical systems, Business systems and Software products and components in SLD. Worked on SLD configurations, IR and ID. Good capabilities of trouble shooting and resolving different kinds of issues like connectivityproblems, mapping exceptions etc. Experience in working with FILE, SOAP, SOAP (AXIS), RFC, IDOC and XI, JMS, JDBC, ARIBA, RESTin PI and File, SOAP, Successfactor, Salesforce connectors in Boomi. Implemented standard features like UDMS, message prioritization, iChannel admin. Worked on Transports of IR, ID and SLD objects using file and CTS+ transports. Good knowledge of Graphical Mapping with node functions and UDFs. Knowledge of XSLT and Java mapping and Dynamic Configuration. Production support experience in Runtime workbench, communication channel scheduling,Message Monitoring. Good knowledge on SLD configuration, IDoc configuration in ECC and PI and alert configuration. Experience in handling quarterly and emergency releases and providing post release support.WORK EXPERIENCEDeveloperInfosys Limited -October 2015 to PresentInfosys Limited Senior Systems Engineer 01st Oct 2015 - till datePROJECT SUMMARY - BOOMIProject Name Success factor integration with SterlingClient SYSCOEmployer Infosys LimitedRole DeveloperTeam Size 3 membersTechnologies Java script, groovy script, SuccessFactor, Sterling, WebserviceDuration 2 yearsProject Abstract:https://www.indeed.com/r/Yogi-Pesaru/2ed7aded59ecf425?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INThe integration for Sterling is a two-way integration to support the investigation and confirmaccuracy of background information provided by selected candidates who have received havepassed phone screening & or accepted verbal offers of employment.Boomi is the middle ware between success factor and sterling systems.Boomi sender interface picks up the profiles from SF and send to sterling for backgroundverification. After receiving request from boomi sterling will send synchronous response with anOder number, which will be updated to SF synchronously. After some time boomi receiver process(listener process) receives the asynchronous results from sterling which are updated back to SF.Role and responsibilities: Requirement analysis. Design as per the requirement. Process development as per design. Unit testing the applications.PROJECT SUMMARY - PIProject Sysco MS DevelopmentSystems EngineerInfosys Limited -September 2013 to September 2015EDUCATIONB. Tech in ECEVidya Bharati Institute Of Technology - Hindupur, Andhra Pradesh2008 to 2012Hosanna National High School2006SKILLSC+ (Less than 1 year), Citrix (Less than 1 year), integration (2 years), INTEGRATOR (2 years),Java (2 years)ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTECHNICAL PROFICIENCYIntegration Tools SAP PI (7.1, 7.31), Eclipse, Citrix, SQL Server Data, SOAP UI, NWDS, SolutionManager, HPQC, POSTMANBackend Technologies Oracle and MS SQL.Languages Core Java, C++, C.KEY STRENGTHS Initiative, Leadership Qualities and Team spirit. Proficiency in Communication skills, Positive attitude. Good knowledge about Technology and interest towards new learning. Responsibility and patience to do work assigned by superiors.

Anurag AsthanaPune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Anurag-Asthana/ea7451b2bdb6115a Looking forward for joining a company where my creative thinking and excellent skills inapplication development using modern development tools will be utilized.Willing to relocate: AnywhereWORK EXPERIENCEInfosys LTD - MAHARASHTRA, IN -April 2017 to PresentLocation: Pune, IndiaClient: Insurance Client from LondonDuration: April 2017 -Till DateTechnology/Tools: Microsoft SharePoint 2013, Azure Cognitive Services, Azure Service Bus, AzureBlob Storage, .net framework 4.7Responsibilities: Independently worked on designing solution architecture of the project. Lead team from technical front in all the components built Followed Agile development approach to efficiently manage continuous development processand incremental requirement changes Design SharePoint components using SharePoint CSOM and .net framework 4.7 Design Azure components using azure .net sdks and .net framework 4.7 Implement Micro Services architecture using Azure Service BusProject Title: SharePoint 2013 Application Development and EnhancementInfosys LTD - London -February 2017 to March 2018Infosys LTD - MAHARASHTRA, IN -August 2015 to January 2017SharePoint DesignerMicrosoft SharePoint -2017 to 20172013, Nintex.Responsibilities: Investigated and identified requirements via process flows, use cases communicated withSubject Matter Experts to define system requirement.https://www.indeed.com/r/Anurag-Asthana/ea7451b2bdb6115a?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN Suggested improvements to be included into new system for Skills Alignment Portal Followed Agile development approach to efficiently manage continuous development processand incremental requirement changes Independently designed, developed and delivered multiple forms and workflows overSharePoint 2013 start from scratch using Nintex Designed and Implemented useful components using SharePoint out-of-the-box capabilities andSharePoint REST web service Utilized SharePoint APPs technology to create custom enhancements on current sites forcustomer satisfaction and efficiency Developed underwriting support applications using asp.net MVC / Web API.Infosys LTD - MAHARASHTRA, IN -December 2013 to July 2015Enterprise IT SupportInfosys LTD - MAHARASHTRA, IN -September 2013 to November 2013Location: Pune, IndiaClient: Oil and Gas Client from USADuration: September 2013 - November 2013Infosys LTD - MAHARASHTRA, IN -June 2013 to August 2013Location: Pune, IndiaClient: Oil and Gas Client from USADuration: June 2013 - August 2013Infosys LTD - MAHARASHTRA, IN -February 2013 to May 2013Infosys LTD - MAHARASHTRA, IN -November 2012 to January 2013Location: Pune, IndiaClient: Infosys Ltd.Duration: November 2012 - January 2013SharePoint Designer, Avepoint DocaveMicrosoft SharePoint -2012 to 20126.Responsibilities: Responsible for creating SharePoint hosted apps. Responsible for developing web services [WEB API's]. Responsible for creating ECMA scripts. Responsible for creating console applications using SharePoint Client Object Model. Responsible for migrating SharePoint MOSS 2007 sites to SharePoint 2013 using AvepointDocave. Responsible for developing remote site provisioning mechanism using CSOM Responsible for creating provider hosted apps using asp.net mvc.Project Title: Operating SystemMicrosoft Fast Search, SharePoint DesignerMicrosoft SharePoint -2010 to 2010Responsibilities: Responsible for maintaining database of the project. Responsible for designing page layouts. Responsible for creating ECMA scripts. Responsible for creating console applications using SharePoint Client Object Model. Responsible for creating SSIS solution to import data from multiple sources using SharePointweb services. Responsible for creating custom SharePoint alerts using SSIS solution. Responsible for creating SSRS solution to create Dashboards. Responsible for creating Stored Procedures and Functions used for various operations. Responsible for customizing list forms. Responsible for creating Search pages using Microsoft FAST search 2010.Microsoft SharePoint -2010 to 2010Responsibilities: Responsible for fixing bugs in SharePoint applications Responsible for automating bug fixing process. Responsible for interacting with clients for understanding business requirements. Responsible for enhancing SharePoint application as per business requirements. Identifying limitations and suggesting appropriate solutions.Microsoft InfoPath DesignerMicrosoft SharePoint -2010 to 20102010, Microsoft SharePoint Designer 2010, Microsoft Office 2010.Responsibilities: Responsible for creating multiple custom lists and document libraries. Responsible for creating and customizing InfoPath forms and associating it with documentlibraries. Responsible for creating SharePoint Designer Workflows. Responsible for customizing list forms and views. Responsible for creating Excel reports in SharePoint.Project Title: 5 Day Close Monitoring ToolTechnology/Tools: Microsoft SharePoint 2010, Microsoft SQL Server 2008 R2, Microsoft VisualStudio 2010, Microsoft InfoPath Designer 2010, Microsoft SharePoint Designer 2010, MicrosoftOffice 2010Responsibilities: Responsible for creating custom lists, document libraries, SharePoint groups. Responsible for creating custom permission levels in SharePoint and defining permissionpolicies on lists, libraries and web parts. Responsible for maintaining database of the project. Responsible to create SSIS packages. Responsible to create power pivot reports. Responsible for creating dashboards on SharePoint site using Power Pivot library. Responsible for creating tool for generating power pivot reports on multiple servers.Microsoft DesignerMicrosoft SharePoint -2010 to 20102010.Responsibilities: Responsible for creating multiple custom lists and document libraries. Responsible for creating and customizing InfoPath forms and associating it with documentlibraries. Responsible for creating SharePoint Designer Workflows. Responsible for customizing list forms and views. Responsible for creating custom permission levels and applying it to various lists and libraries.EDUCATIONBachelor of Technology in Information TechnologyGraphic Era University - Dehra Dun, UttarakhandMay 2012Senior Secondary - Kashipur, Uttarakhand2008SKILLSMICROSOFT SHAREPOINT (7 years), SHAREPOINT (7 years), .NET (6 years), MICROSOFT VISUALSTUDIO (6 years), VISUAL STUDIO (6 years)ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSKILLS Vast knowledge of developing and implementing applications based on client's needs. Professional Experience in creating SharePoint solutions using C#, JavaScript etc. Professional Experience in creating asp.net web applications using MVC, Entity Framework. Professional experience in creating application using Azure micro services architectureTECHNICAL EXPERTISELanguages and SoftwareC, C#.net, Asp.net MVC 5, Entity Framework 6, Microsoft Office, Microsoft SharePoint 2010,Microsoft SharePoint 2013, Microsoft, SharePoint Designer, Microsoft Visual Studio 2008,Microsoft Visual Studio 2010, Microsoft Visual Studio 2012, InfoPath, HTML, CSS, JavaScript,jQuery, SharePoint Apps using MVC and KnockoutJS, Nintex forms and Workflows, AzureMSBI SQL Server 2008, SQL Server 2012, SSIS, SSRSOperating System Windows FamilyTOTAL EXPERIENCENo. Company Role Duration1. Infosys Ltd Technology Analyst 5 Years 11 Months

Syed Sadath aliCoimbatore - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Syed-Sadath-ali/cf3a21da22da956dWORK EXPERIENCESearching for good salaryApple , Google, Microsoft -2017 to PresentEDUCATIONBCA,MBAKGISLSKILLSC++, Hacking, Programminghttps://www.indeed.com/r/Syed-Sadath-ali/cf3a21da22da956d?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN

Nida KhanTech Support Executive - Teleperformance for MicrosoftJaipur, Rajasthan - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Nida-Khan/6c9160696f57efd8 To be an integral part of the organization and enhance my knowledge to utilize it in a productivemanner for the growth of the company and the global.INDUSTRIAL TRAINING BHEL, (HEEP) HARIDWAROn CNC System& PLC Programming.WORK EXPERIENCETech Support ExecutiveTeleperformance for Microsoft -September 2017 to Presentprocess. 21 months of experience in ADFC as Phone Banker.EDUCATIONBachelor of Technology in Electronics & communication EnggGNIT institute of Technology - Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh2008 to 2012Class XIIU.P. Board - Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh2007Class XU.P. Board - Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh2005SKILLSMicrosoft office, excel, cisco, c language, cbs. (4 years)https://www.indeed.com/r/Nida-Khan/6c9160696f57efd8?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN

Fenil Francishead of operation and logisticsTrichur, Kerala - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Fenil-Francis/445e6b4cb0b43094To succeed in an environment of growth and excellence and earn a job which provides me jobsatisfaction and self development and help me achieve personal as well as organization goals.WORK EXPERIENCEManagerMasters equipments - Trichur, Kerala -May 2017 to PresentSales ManagerMicrosoft Power - Trichur, Kerala -May 2017 to Present2. Microsoft Office: Microsoft Word, Microsoft Power point, Microsoft ExcelEDUCATIONB.Com in Computer ApplicationMadurai Kamaraj University - Madurai, Tamil Nadu2017SSLCKerala State Board2012SKILLSPROBLEM SOLVING (Less than 1 year)ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSKILLS & ABILITIES: Good Communication Skill Sincere Hard working Leadership skill Pleasing personality Problem solving capabilityhttps://www.indeed.com/r/Fenil-Francis/445e6b4cb0b43094?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN

Gaurav SoniNew Delhi, Delhi - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Gaurav-Soni/d492b5b1697f7f66WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperION Trading -June 2016 to PresentAs part of ION Trading, I have been working as a core product developer on a RepurchaseAgreements(REPO) Trading Solution, called Anvil 9 Trading Solution. Currently I am working onOrder Management System, which is a component/service that enable the traders to captureorders from emails and chats. I have also worked on Apache CoreNLP to leverage its NamedEntity Recognition feature to extracting business keywords from a given text.InternMicrosoft - Hyderabad, Telangana -June 2015 to August 2015I was part of the Microsoft Service Global Delivery Internship for two months in Hyderabad. Onmy internship, I got an opportunity to develop a Windows 10 application.EDUCATIONB.Tech(Computer Science) in CSEGGSIPU2012 to 2016SKILLSC# (Less than 1 year), Java, OOPs, Guice, Microservice architecture, Software Development,XAML, ATDD, SOLID, SOA, Scrum, Robot Framework, TDDADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSkills: JAVA, C#, WPF, XAML, Robot Framework, Scrum, Guice, ATDD, SOA, Fixed Income, CoreNLP,SOLIDprogramming, OOPs, NLP, Microservice architecture.https://www.indeed.com/r/Gaurav-Soni/d492b5b1697f7f66?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN

Viny KhandelwalSelf-employed in Family Business - SELF EMPLOYEDKullu, Himachal Pradesh - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Viny-Khandelwal/02e488f477e2f5bc Currently pursuing my certifications in Digital Marketing. 2 year's experience in managing, maintaining and assisting to run a camping site. Additional experience in event managing and emcee in Army Wife Welfare Association (NGO) 1-year self-employed in Kudi Firang. 2 years of work experience in Infrastructure Management and Support in TCS. Worked as Soft skill trainer in TCS. Worked as Operation Analyst for Microsoft Server management team. Worked as Application Support engineer for PricewaterhouseCoopers, USA. Worked as Technical Support for Microsoft Office, Outlook and PowerPoint.WORK EXPERIENCESelf-employed in Family BusinessSELF EMPLOYED -February 2015 to Presentof tourist camping site. Managing, maintaining and assisting to run a camping site. Self-employed in Kudi Firang under self-proprietary. Designing Digital print art and getting itprinted for Handbags and Home Décor. Actively participated in exhibitions and Trade shows.Systems EngineerMicrosoft Corporation - Hyderabad, Telangana -October 2012 to January 2015PROJECTS:1. Microsoft Server Management Client: Microsoft Corporation. Role: Microsoft Server infrastructure remote management - Remotely logon to and manage theMicrosoft Corporation datacenter servers all over the world and configure/ deploy according tothe incident/change management request/ticket. Responsibilities: Incident management and change management, performing simple changesand re-assigning incident tickets to on-site work, server rename, rebuild, configuration tasks,datacenter server deployments and hardware procurement/replacement follow-ups.2. PwC Application Support Client: PricewaterhouseCoopers. Role: Incident management and other applications for corporates and firms in USA.https://www.indeed.com/r/Viny-Khandelwal/02e488f477e2f5bc?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INhttps://www.indeed.com/r/Viny-Khandelwal/02e488f477e2f5bc?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN Responsibilities: Handling deployment of firm application upgrades and reporting of bugs anderrors to development team, SLA and quality report submission and training agents accordingto new updates and best practices shared, attending team meetings for process developmentand improvement, maintain existing and generate new operational support documentation,communicating with 3rd party service providers for account activations, upgrades, passwordresets and membership renewals, troubleshooting system software and hardware configurationissues, log issue and user contact into customer database, translate end-user business needsinto working solutions.EDUCATIONBachelor of Engineering in Digital MarketingNitte Meenakshi Institute of Technology - Bengaluru, KarnatakaSKILLSEXCHANGE (Less than 1 year), HTML (Less than 1 year), KITCHEN (Less than 1 year), LINUX(Less than 1 year), VMWARE (Less than 1 year)GROUPSAWWANovember 2015 to PresentADDITIONAL INFORMATION Photography and video editing for Viny's Kitchen (VLOG on YouTube) Good communication skill and Public Speaking as Orator. Knowledge on Windows Server […] Linux, Exchange server, VMware, HTML.PERSONAL DOSSIERName: Viny KhandelwalPhone: […]Email: khandelwal.viny@gmail.comHusband's Name: Capt. Anuj MahantPermanent Address: HNO - 240, Gandhinagar,Dhalpur, […]

amarjyot sodhiVoice and Accent Trainer :Masters in journalism and communication with3 years experienceFaridabad, Haryana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/amarjyot-sodhi/ba2e5a3cbaeccdacTo constantly learn, enhance my skills and capabilities to reach higher level of competenceand apply my knowledge and skill to the best of my ability in the interest of the organization.Accomplishment counts, not the non-executed ideas. So I just constantly execute the ideas inquest for the accomplishment.WORK EXPERIENCESales AssociateShuttl - Faridabad, Haryana -September 2017 to May 2018Query management and outbound salesAssociateSutherland - Chennai, Tamil Nadu -October 2016 to June 2017 Query Management Outbound/Inbound Calling Collections Customs Documentation workvoice and accent trainerteleperformance microsoft - Jaipur, Rajasthan -October 2014 to February 2015ResponsibilitiesTo train the students on there comm skills and cx handling skillEDUCATIONmasters in journalism and communication in mass comm client servicingamity - Noida, Uttar Pradesh2011 to 2013https://www.indeed.com/r/amarjyot-sodhi/ba2e5a3cbaeccdac?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN

Sameer KujurOrrisha - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sameer-Kujur/0771f65bfa7aff96WORK EXPERIENCEApp developMicrosoft -August 2016 to PresentEDUCATIONElectrical engineeringVSSUT,burlaSKILLSApplication Development, Software Testinghttps://www.indeed.com/r/Sameer-Kujur/0771f65bfa7aff96?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN