What to Expect The Role: A manufacturing equipment engineer in the production engineering team will be a part of operating, sustaining, and improving some of the most automated manufacturing equipment in the world. The best candidate for the position has a high aptitude to learn new skillsets in the position. The expectation is that engineers will start with strengths in a given field (AUTOCAD, robotics, PLC Programming, vision, Python, HMI scripting, etc) and then learn all other areas from those who work with them. This role requires capability across the board to sustain all parts of the automated equipment. What You’ll Do Sustain 24 by 7 production operations through responding to and resolving breakdowns quickly and efficiently to minimize downtime Active leader of a cross functional TPM team while taking on improvement projects to assist in improving the factory.  Diagnoses equipment failures, finds root cause and improve Overall Equipment Effectiveness.  Lead equipment upgrades with a focus on serviceability, reliability and process capability.   Develop and improve equipment validation procedures including calibration and qualification Become Expert Level Trainer on all machines in assigned area and be responsible for the level of knowledge of Shift technicians.  Provide hands-on support to maintenance team to troubleshoot and resolve extended downtime situations. Takes initiative to create, implement and improve Preventative and Predictive Maintenance documents and schedules, under the direction of the Maintenance Planner Program ladder logic and structured text on multiple PLC controller platforms (Allen-Bradley, Siemens).  Program and teach industrial 6-axis robots (Fanuc) Sequence complex, multi-station machinery for material pick-and-place, dispense, fastening, welding and conveyance applications. Participate in spare part analysis and inventory development, cost reduction, improvement working with Spares Department to RMA faulty components and communicate needs to the vendor. What You’ll Bring Compulsory: Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical, Electrical, Industrial Engineering, Mechatronic, or a related field. Experience with PLC programming, troubleshooting and configuration.  Good overall computer skills with demonstrated ability in either Beckhoff or Siemens, programming languages. Experience commissioning and improving Equipment.  Have a demonstrated track record of Overall Equipment Effectiveness (OEE) improvement, Preventative and Predictive Maintenance activities. Robotics maintenance, troubleshooting, optimization & teaching 3+ years in a highly automated, high volume manufacturing facility  Preferred: Good understanding of Computerized Maintenance Management System (CMMS), Safety, Ergonomics, Change Point Management, Spare Parts Management Strong problem solving skills and an aptitude for learning systems quickly.  Able to utilize structured problem solving techniques such as DMAIC, Ishikawa, Five Why (5W) or Eight Disciplines (8D).  Able to resolve high level performance issues into addressable actions. Skilled with the use of a variety of hand and portable tools as well as general machining Able to read and interpret basic mechanical drawings and electrical schematics. Experience with 2D/ 3D modeling software Vision system development & qualification experience Experience developing and improving HMI’s Fanuc Robotics / Ignition Experience Previous production manufacturing experience  Soft Skills:  Exceptional capacity for managing simultaneous activities, competing priorities and challenges Strong ability to work and communicate effectively with team and peers within a manufacturing and engineering organization.  This includes excellent communication skills: written and verbal. Creative capacity for developing new ways to do things better, cheaper, faster in alignment with the Tesla approach to revolutionary product development Passion for making fantastic new products and using testing as a means to enable an engineering organization to achieve outstanding quality, reliability and excellence Willing to perform shift work (nights) and overtime as required Demonstrated ability to teach, mentor, develop others 

What to Expect Tesla’s Supplier Industrialization team is responsible for critical component development and qualification activities at suppliers.  The job involves communicating well with internal and external teams, traveling to suppliers in different regions, and on-the-spot critical decision making.  This position will be responsible for sustaining and improving supplier product quality using collaborative efforts to accomplish this task.  The goal: delivering on time quantities of high-quality component parts into Tesla’s production processes to enable extremely rapid development cycles and product launches.   What You’ll Do Plan, organize, direct, and conduct industrialization related activities within the supply chain team (e.g. Develop and qualify process & metrology, capacity analysis, production ramp, risk mitigation) Develop, manage, audit, improve, and correct supplier component manufacturing execution, assembly techniques, and quality control processes from the advanced development phase to mass production qualification  Provide leadership for New Product Introduction (NPI) at suppliers Lead supplier improvements in scalability, cost, and quality Facilitate clear communication of technical requirements between suppliers and Tesla design, quality, manufacturing and purchasing teams Collaborate with Tesla purchasing, design, quality, and manufacturing teams to determine supplier performance specifications and assessment metrics Guide suppliers in developing robust manufacturing processes and qualifying these processes. Meet initial OEE targets and continuously improve OEE through the product life cycle Ability to dive deep into processes to identify root cause related to process equipment, metrology system, quality procedures and fix the same on time. Validate supplier corrective actions involving design and/or process changes to ensure they are robust, sustainable, and implemented for similar potential concerns across manufacturing lines and/or suppliers  Preferred QualificationExperience in electrode mixing, coating, calendering manufacturing processes, thin film coating is desired. What You’ll Bring BS Degree in Electrical / Mechanical / Chemical / Industrial / Manufacturing Engineering or evidence of experience and exceptional ability 5+ years of assembly plant experience supporting battery cell, battery cell components, raw materials for battery cells or similar in a Supplier Quality, Quality Engineering, Process Engineering or Manufacturing Engineering or Supplier Industrialization Engineering role Previous experience managing safety critical parts Experience in Quality Systems a plus: PPAP/APQP processes Knowledge of ISO 9001 and/or IATF 16949 StandardsBackground in Statistical Process Control, Capability Analysis (Cp, Cpk), MSA, FMEA, Control Plans In-depth knowledge of Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing (GD&T) and inspection Possess demonstrable leadership abilities Proven results in meeting customer requirements and expectations  Ability to communicate and direct supplier activities at the management level Ability to define and execute a project using project management techniques Self-starter, Ability to thrive in a fast paced, dynamic environment Excellent team building skills in dealing with suppliers, peers and other functional areas Strong technical writing ability and an ability to explain complex issues in a concise and plain manner.  Willingness to travel on short notice, up to 30 - 40% travel may be required

Facilities Operator –  Gigafactory Texas A Tesla Gigafactory facilities operator has the responsibility to monitor and operate critical facilities equipment to ensure uninterrupted production. The operator is also responsible for ensuring all facilities equipment is operating in the most efficient manner possible to ensure that Tesla facilities meet aggressive safety, efficiency and sustainability standards that exceed industry standards. As a Tesla Gigafactory operator, you will have the opportunity to operate and develop one of the largest and most sophisticated operating manufacturing facilities in the world. You will have the opportunity to assist in driving towards world-class energy efficiency and minimize environmental impact through smart, ingenious operational philosophies and unprecedented operational flexibility. Tesla operators will work closely with system experts to continuously develop and improve state-of-the-art systems that will help accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy. Responsibilities: Operate and monitor the operation of all HVAC equipment Operate and monitor hydronic systems to include chilled, heating and heat recovery water systems. Operate and monitor compressed air, medium voltage electrical distribution, chemical refining, chemical delivery and chemical recovery systems. Start and stop equipment as well as maintain facility operation through control software. Provide support for new equipment installation, startup, commissioning, and sustaining operations. Perform routine operator rounds of equipment and systems Troubleshoot operational parameters that fall outside of normal operating parameters Champion and observe all safety policies during the execution of required tasks. Utilize control systems to monitor equipment within the factory and verify recent trends. Improve the reliability of equipment and systems through collaboration with teammates and facilities engineers Work from schematics, piping and instrument diagrams, layouts, plans, and written/verbal instructions. Required to work with and around hazardous areas and hazardous chemicals and materials. Implement and sustain standard organizational practices and adhere to 5S practices Requirements: Must have understanding of basic mechanical and electrical system operations. Experience with chemical handling and electrical distribution is desired Must demonstrate reliability, initiative, and desire to learn. Must be adaptable in work schedule (including compressed work week and night shift) and working in a high-pace environment  Effective verbal and written communications skills along with strong attention to detail, flexibility, and prioritization Maintains confidentiality of sensitive and proprietary information Multitasks and adapts to constant change Able to use Microsoft Office software Able to wear all required PPE associated with required tasks Ability to sit, stand, and/or walk for 10+ hours per day, wear air purifying respirator as needed for specific tasks, Lift at least 10 -20 lbs on a regular basis, perform repetitive hand and wrist motions and sometimes may have to twist and bend body, Ability to climb ladders/stairs, Work in loud environment. Must be able to discern audible alarms. 2 years of college/technical school or equivalent work experience. Applicable documented Training and/or Certifications a plus.

What to Expect The Role: This person must be able to take our Gigafactory Texas, BIW Maintenance team to the next level. They must lead by example and be capable of collaborating with cross-functional teams and department leaders to address concerns and issues that affect BIW quality, production efficiency, equipment maintenance, etc. What You’ll Do Maintain electrical and mechanical equipment to maximize reliability, availability, and continued operation. Promote cross training, job flexibility and versatility of staff, including development of training schedule. Understand machine capacity, create machine line loads, and implement equipment contingency plans Direct involvement in creating/executing capital expenditures related to departmental budget and mill goals Ensure all safety rules are enforced, including an understanding of OSHA safety requirements. Manage team of 4+ Supervisors along with the headcount under their organizations Responsible for improving KPIs including quality, yield, and productivity. What You’ll Bring Minimum 5+ years’ of leadership experience in a fast-paced, high-volume manufacturing environment (automotive preferred) and evidence of exceptional abilities Good understanding of manufacturing KPI’s and developing action plans to drive results Demonstrated leader in developing technical and motivated teams Strong background in collaboration with engineering, production, and NPI Drive a positive Safety, Quality, Delivery, Cost, and high moral environment Able to work well under pressure while managing competing demands and tight deadlines Experience in hiring and developing new team members and leaders in a maintenance environment Experience in a body shop department is a plus

What to Expect As a Tech Trainee you are working on one of the most progressive vehicles in the world. This position is customer facing, so solid customer service skills combined with exceptional “hands on” technical ability go hand in hand. This position is located at the service center. Communication is highly important. Excellent Oral and Written communication required. If you are able to deliver strong customer satisfaction consistently, are motivated and a team player, we are interested in speaking with you. Relevant military service may be substituted for industry experience, and military veterans are encouraged to apply. What You’ll Do  Performs entry-level work in the inspection, repair, and service of Tesla electric vehicles.  Operate a variety of hand, power, and shop tools.  Perform equipment inspections, adjustments and certifications.  Perform Pre-Delivery Inspections (PDI) of new cars.  Maintain records of time and materials.  Maintain inventory of shop supplies and parts.  Perform other related duties as assigned.  Help maintain vehicle cleanliness of customer cars.  Support lead technicians as needed.  Knowledge of: Methods, techniques, parts, tools and materials used in the maintenance and repair of vehicles. Operation and maintenance of a wide variety of hand power tools, shop tools, and automotive and electrical test equipment.  Efficient skills in basic automotive techniques related to repair and servicing of automobiles.  Support Parts & Front of House operations as needed or on a rotational basis What You’ll Bring  High School Diploma or GED.  Post-secondary automotive education (or equivalent military service experience) preferred but not required.  Must be at least 18 years of age.  Valid driver’s license, clean driving record and insurable.  Must be capable of reporting to training location or local service center as needed.  Ability to lift up to 60 pounds.  Must follow verbal and written instructions with attention to detail.  Be able to work in a team-based environment and achieve set goals.  Must have a "safety first" attitude.  Familiar understanding of the English language.  Basic computer skills, including navigating web browsers and using standard applications such as Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Outlook).

What to Expect The Service Crew Lead will be part of Tesla’s Field Energy Operations team. As a leader at Tesla, the Crew Lead will continuously model to others Tesla standards and responsibilities including policy compliance, quality standards, and efficiency goals. The ideal candidate will work cooperatively with team members to successfully complete the maintenance of energy products safely and on time. What You’ll Do  Considered a subject matter expert in energy system installation and is capable of training and mentoring others, may be responsible for a group or team  Able to supervise the jobsite and proactively guides and trains team members to ensure compliance  Able to service and commission energy systems on roofs including array layout, and mounting hardware based on site conditions and customers’ needs and expectations  Proactively resolves equipment and system issues and can troubleshoot and overcome obstacles onsite.  Applies advanced knowledge to improve processes and proactively reviews workmanship onsite  Collaborates with warehouse team to ensure all materials and equipment necessary for servicing is available onsite and communicates job status to customer and leadership  Able to understand productivity goals and drive team members to improve efficiency  Performs routine maintenance on energy systems  Capable of completing work both with a team and as a lone worker  Attend weekly team meetings and mandatory training sessions on new products, service methodology, and safety  Provide an exceptional customer experience to all customers  Performs other related duties as assigned What You’ll Bring  Extensive knowledge of PV equipment, installation, and service  Experience in roof work, general construction, or carpentry preferred  Extensive knowledge of electrical wiring and equipment  Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills  Ability to read building plans and equipment manuals  Ability to safely handle power tools and materials such as: ladders, inverters, solar panels, panel boards, batteries, and other similar electrical equipment, lumber, roofing materials, etc.  Able to always maintain Quality Standards.  Able to bend conduit unassisted.  Excellent customer service and strong written and verbal communication skills  Computer skills preferred  Excellent attendance is essential for the team to achieve success  Ability to work well with others in a collaborative team environment  Travel is mandatory and will vary dependent on business need. Employees must be able to travel for up to 2 weeks at a time, several times a year, to various locations within the US.  Valid Drivers License Required Physical Requirements  Must be able to work at great heights including on rooftops, climbing ladders, and stairs  Must be able to work in extreme environments (example: hot sun, cold, crawl spaces, attic etc.)  Prolonged periods of repetitious duties including lifting, bending, and standing for long periods  Must be able to lift at least 50 pounds frequently  Must meet all OSHA standards for working at heights including:  Ability to climb and utilize equipment on site including various ladders rated for a maximum capacity of 325lbs.  Must be able to meet equipment standards for fall protection (harness, anchor, ropes, etc.) with a maximum capacity of 310bs. Education and Experience  High school diploma or equivalent preferred  Vocational or technical school training preferred  Previous related experience preferred

What to Expect  The Role  Tesla Motors is looking for an experienced Service Advisor to work on one of the most progressive vehicle brands in the world. This position requires a high-level customer and employee interaction, so the ideal candidate will not only possess the technical acumen, but also the ability to provide a strong level of customer service.  If you are interested in becoming a part of a world-class service team supporting the latest EV technology, we are interested in hearing from you.   What You’ll Do  Responsibilities Answer Phone Calls, Emails and Drive In’s to address any customer concern with the highest level of response and attentionReturn missed phone calls, email in no less than 5 minutesDetermine if technical solution can be resolved over the phone; escalate immediately to Shop Foreman / Service Manager to provide immediate attentionAccurately record issues and data into Dealer Management System. Attention to detail criticalConduct Transactions w/ system; walk customer through correction and provide summaryCommunicate estimated completion time, regular updates and follow through on each customer vehicleCoordinate the detail of every vehicle prior to deliveryCoordinate the delivery time or pick up with each customerFollow up with Customer on services provided; ensure they are satisfied with the work performed  What You’ll Bring  Requirements Knowledge of methods, techniques, parts, tools and materials used in the maintenance and repair of vehiclesExperience in operational use and maintenance of a wide variety of hand power tools, shop tools, and automotive and electrical test equipmentUnderstanding of basic automotive techniques related to repair and servicing of automobilesAbility to follow oral and written instructions with attention to detailWillingness to learn new and innovative automotive technologiesAbility to establish and maintain cooperative working relationships with those contacted in the course of work to include the publicPerform detailed daily record keeping and reportingEffectively handle multiple priorities, organize workload, and meet deadlinesWork in a team-based environment and achieve common goalHigh School diploma or equivalentDealer Management System(s), Outlook, and MS OfficeAssociate Degree or certificate in Automotive Technology, preferredRetail automotive service experience, preferredMust have and maintain a valid driver’s license and an acceptable and safe driving recordMust have two years of driving experience  Employee Benefits Full benefits from day 1 for you and your eligible dependentsMedical plan options for Kaiser, Aetna PPO and HSA (including infertility and transgender coverage)2 medical plan choices with $0 paycheck contributionVision & dental plans (including orthodontic coverage)Healthcare and Dependent Care Flexible Spending AccountsCompany Paid HSA Contribution when enrolled in the High Deductible Medical Plan with HSACompany paid Life, AD&D, short-term and long-term disability401(k) match, Employee Stock Purchase Plans, and other financial benefitsEmployee Assistance Program, Sick and Vacation time (Flex Time for salary positions), and Paid HolidaysBack-up childcare and employee discountsVoluntary plans such as critical illness, hospital indemnity, accident insurance, and pet insuranceVoluntary Identity Theft and Legal Services plansAdoption and surrogacy benefits

This role follows the reliability lifecycle of Tesla vehicle low voltage electronic systems from concept to design, development, manufacturing, field operation, and field returns to design-in, confirm and grow exceptional reliability at every stage. Responsibilities: Facilitate Design FMEA sessions in order to drive reliable design choices and improve validation test planning and assemblies.  Knowledge of the reliability methods to build in and validate that the targets are met. Analyze usage and environmental conditions from the field in order to improve requirement setting and testing methods. Create Fault Trees and reliability block diagrams to assess system reliability. Apply reliability failure physics to design accelerated test methods to failure modes exploration and reliability growth. Spec out reliability validation plans for components and subsystems. Facilitate failure analysis to understand root cause and drive resolution for failures originating in testing and from the field. Work with manufacturing quality, service engineering, supplier quality and design teams to facilitate field failure resolution (aka Weibull) in order to support all investigations. Provide reliability design guidelines and apply reliability lessons learned to enable continuous improvement. Desired skills:  Experience working with low voltage electronics, and complex electro-mechanical systems. PCB Board level experience, can read and communicate PCBA schematics, etc. Knowledge of the ReliaSoft Synthesis Platform, including Weibull++, BlockSim, ALTA, RGA, and xFMEA. Knowledge of database structures and practical understanding and use of SQL. Experience in working with large data sets. Experience with Tableau for big data analytics. Knowledge of methods to design-in reliability for electronics, including experience with the Sherlock software. Knowledge and experience with HALT and HASS/ESS for electronic and/or electro-mechnical systems. Working knowledge of applied statistics and experience with statistical software such as JMP. Knowledge of reliability growth techniques, such as Crow-AMSAA and Crow Extended. Understanding of fleet reliability monitoring metrics and reliability KPIs. Knowledge of reliability warranty analysis and reliability prediction methods. Working knowledge of failure analysis techniques such as optical microscopy, SEM, CSAM, X-ray, cross-sectioning and EDX. ASQ Certified Reliability Engineer preferred. Requirements: BS, MS, or Ph.D. in Electrical and Electronics (EE) Engineering and one or more years of industry experience on reliability of low voltage electronics. Master’s or PhD degree in Reliability Engineering

What to Expect The Vehicle Readiness Specialist is a key contributor to the Tesla experience by preparing vehicles for customers, and working with teammates to find opportunities for continuous improvement and new ways of vehicle readiness. This position is responsible for the high-quality preparation of customer cars, washing vehicles, and preparing new customer delivery vehicles. Success requires a desire to work quickly and efficiently, be challenged, have a high level of accountability, and a personal satisfaction in doing a great job.  What You’ll Do Responsibilities  Clean service, loaner, and gallery vehicles  Clean vehicle exteriors and interiors in compliance with company standards  Operate steamers, hoses, vacuums, and other equipment  Ability to spot check and manage paint correction onsite as needed  Track schedules, prioritize, and manage time effectively to meet deadlines  Communicate with various teams that are involved in the vehicle orientation process  Manage inventory and reorder supplies, as needed  Troubleshoot issues and escalate to management through appropriate channels when needed  Perform additional responsibilities as assigned to meet business needs What You’ll Bring Requirements  Valid driver’s license in the country in which you are applying, 2-year minimum driving record required with a clean driving history, and ability to be insured  High School diploma or equivalent  Proven track record of a great work ethic  Demonstrated ability to be a team player  Ability to lift 50 - 60 pounds  Compensation and Benefits  Compensation ($14.04 - $30.24) is based on a variety of factors including but not limited to work experience, skills, certifications, etc. Part-Time Employee Benefits As a part-time Tesla employee, you will be eligible for:  401(k) with employer match Employee Assistance Program Sick and Vacation time Tesla Babies program Back-up childcare and parenting support resources LGBTQ+ care concierge services Pet Insurance

What to Expect As we continue to scale, Tesla is looking for high potential leaders to streamline operations across functions by building excellent teams and processes that support the customer journey end to end. The General Manager ensures the success of the site by overseeing all sales and service operations. In this role, you are responsible for leading cross-functional managers and establishing efficient, customer-centric processes to help Tesla accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy. What You’ll Do BUILDS EFFECTIVE TEAMS Hires an excellent team of strong and diverse leaders and takes personal responsibility for their onboarding and continued development. Has consistent 1:1s with reports and creates a culture of regular coaching and feedback. Addresses low performance quickly and compassionately. Resolves all people and safety issues in a timely and effective manner. Collaborates effectively with Human Resources and appropriate partners. Retains and develops top performers. Takes the time to understand individuals’ motivations and actively coaches towards development goals by providing actionable feedback. Multiplies the capabilities of team members and unleashes the team’s potential. Energizes others and builds a team culture of high performance and trust. Champions inclusion, psychological safety, and courage. Creates an environment where all voices feel confident speaking up. CUSTOMER FOCUS Owns the customer journey from end to end and continually strives to improve customer happiness. Actively monitors customer service trends to make necessary improvements and coaches the team in continuously improving communication, processes, and relationships to elevate the experience. SITUATIONAL ADAPTABILITY Dynamic problem solver who tackles change by leading with the Why and inspiring buy-in and action. Allocates and shifts resources as needed based on business priorities and customer experience. Resilient and calm under intense pressure. Coachable. Takes full ownership of personal development. Regularly solicits feedback from teammates above, below, and adjacent, and demonstrates learning agility by making clear behavioral changes. Highly mission-driven and motivates others to see the big picture. DRIVES RESULTS Takes full responsibility for communicating business priorities to the team and stakeholders. Removes barriers and provides cover so team can execute against goals. Direct reports know what is expected of them, and how their work ties into the broader team direction. Understands and owns every aspect of the site’s performance. Sets targets, drives execution, and holds the team accountable both for individual and team results. Drives standardization in alignment with broader organizational goals. Requirements What You’ll Bring REQUIRED SKILLS/ABILITIES People-first leader who prioritizes team development Relentless drive for excellence; provides recognition and feedback daily Multiplier who elevates the thinking and output of everyone around them, while also making them feel included and valued First-principles thinker who finds a creative path to solve previously unsolvable problems Exceptional integrity through dedicated and ethical approach to sales and service operations Commitment and enthusiasm to work evenings and weekends alongside the rest of the team Must have and maintain a valid driver’s license and Ability to obtain appropriate state licensing, where applicable EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE Bachelor’s Degree and/or equivalent experience leading an end-to-end customer-facing operation Experience leading large teams in a fast-paced environment Functional experience in roles supporting both Sales/acquisition of new customers and Service/support of existing customers Demonstrated ability to inspire, influence, and hold teams accountable to achieve a common goal Experience leading teams and managing a diverse group of roles and responsibilities PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS Must be able to stand or sit for 8 hours or more Occasional travel required for offsite meetings and events; normally less than 10% of the time Full-time Employee Benefits As a full-time Tesla employee, you will receive:  Full benefits from day 1 for you and your eligible dependents  Extended Health Insurance (including osteopath, psychologist, and acupuncturist)  Vision & Dental Insurance  Company paid Life, AD&D, short-term and long-term disability  Group Registered Retirement Savings Plan (RRSP)  Employee Assistance Program, Sick and Vacation time (Flex Time for salary positions), and Paid Holidays  Back-up childcare and employee discounts

What to Expect Tesla is looking for a highly motivated process development engineer to create, develop and scale up manufacturing processes for our cutting-edge Tesla battery cell manufacturing line. This role will invent, develop, scale up and optimize battery manufacturing processes within a cross-functional engineering team responsible for the development lifecycle and launch into manufacturing. In this role, you will work closely with many organizations both internal and external to Tesla taking new battery designs from initial concept through into full production. The battery cell is a critical component in Tesla vehicles and storage systems. This role will have the opportunity to make meaningful contributions to our products. The work environment is demanding, fast-paced and incredibly exciting. The ideal candidate should be ready to push their limits, as they join in highly motivated and capable team to make unbelievable things into reality. What You’ll Do Drive development of electrode slitting processes from proof of concept through to full scale production Characterize existing processes, establish controls for critical parameters, improve process robustness Execute DoEs to optimize process conditions Proficient in data analysis / interpretation and presentation of experimental data Drive process commissioning on new production lines Work collaboratively with cross functional teams Establish process controls for SPC and develop process related OCAPs Develop and manage PFMEA risk assessments to prioritize process improvement projects and ensure adequate metrology and controls are in place. Debug process integration issues to ensure interactions between processes are kept under control Build process documentation to accurately define the process to cross-functional teams (equipment, quality, production, etc.) Model holistic process costs using bottoms-up system approach What You’ll Bring Either a BS with 6+ years’ relevant experience or an MS with 3+ years relevant experience in interdisciplinary/integrated engineering, process development, manufacturing engineering, or equivalent. Senior roles available for more experienced candidates Strong understanding of engineering fundamentals and ability to apply them towards manufacturing process development Proven problem solver - demonstrated experience of data driven root cause analysis, statistical software (JMP) a plus  Demonstrated capabilities in manufacturing process development for new and unique products Experience in high volume manufacturing involving one or more of these areas is highly desired: High volume slitting processes Roll to roll coating processes Automated mechanical assembly Power electronics Industrial chemical processing Battery manufacturing (li-ion or other chemistry) Industrial laser processing

What to Expect Tesla Motors is looking for an experienced Service Advisor to work on one of the most progressive vehicle brands in the world. This position requires a high-level customer and employee interaction, so the ideal candidate will not only possess the technical acumen, but also the ability to provide a strong level of customer service. If you are interested in becoming a part of a world-class service team supporting the latest EV technology, we are interested in hearing from you. What You’ll Do  Answer Phone Calls, Emails and Drive In’s to address any customer concern with the highest level of response and attention  Return missed phone calls, email in no less than 5 minutes  Determine if technical solution can be resolved over the phone; escalate immediately to Shop Foreman / Service Manager to provide immediate attention  Accurately record issues and data into Dealer Management System. Attention to detail critical  Conduct Transactions w/ system; walk customer through correction and provide summary  Communicate estimated completion time, regular updates and follow through on each customer vehicle  Coordinate the detail of every vehicle prior to delivery  Coordinate the delivery time or pick up with each customer  Follow up with Customer on services provided; ensure they are satisfied with the work performed What You’ll Bring  Knowledge of methods, techniques, parts, tools and materials used in the maintenance and repair of vehicles  Experience in operational use and maintenance of a wide variety of hand power tools, shop tools, and automotive and electrical test equipment  Understanding of basic automotive techniques related to repair and servicing of automobiles  Ability to follow oral and written instructions with attention to detail  Willingness to learn new and innovative automotive technologies  Ability to establish and maintain cooperative working relationships with those contacted in the course of work to include the public  Perform detailed daily record keeping and reporting  Effectively handle multiple priorities, organize workload, and meet deadlines  Work in a team-based environment and achieve common goal  High School diploma or equivalent  Dealer Management System(s), Outlook, and MS Office  Associate Degree or certificate in Automotive Technology, preferred  Retail automotive service experience, preferred  Must have and maintain a valid driver’s license and an acceptable and safe driving record  Must have two years of driving experience Employee Benefits  Full benefits from day 1 for you and your eligible dependents  Medical plan options for Kaiser, Aetna PPO and HSA (including infertility and transgender coverage)  2 medical plan choices with $0 paycheck contribution  Vision & dental plans (including orthodontic coverage)  Healthcare and Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts  Company Paid HSA Contribution when enrolled in the High Deductible Medical Plan with HSA  Company paid Life, AD&D, short-term and long-term disability  401(k) match, Employee Stock Purchase Plans, and other financial benefits  Employee Assistance Program, Sick and Vacation time (Flex Time for salary positions), and Paid Holidays  Back-up childcare and employee discounts  Voluntary plans such as critical illness, hospital indemnity, accident insurance, and pet insurance  Voluntary Identity Theft and Legal Services plans  Adoption and surrogacy benefits

What to Expect Tesla Energy is looking for a lead electrical technician. In this role you will test and interface with code, mechanical, microprocessor, and high voltage systems, and you will collaborate closely with design, test and reliability teams to define and build test samples and equipment. What You’ll Do Build electrical and mechanical test samples for engineering and reliability test Construct and rework prototype SMT and PTH printed circuit board assemblies Troubleshoot battery pack, inverter, and electronics subsystem firmware/hardware issues Run tests and record test data Build and repair wire harnesses and cables Assist with testing at in house or local contract laboratories Build/repair temporary grid connected and islanded microgrids for testing Construct and debug test fixtures What You’ll Bring AS or BS degree in Electronics Technology, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering or equivalent Minimum 3 years of experience in R&D electronics environment Strong understanding of engineering and reliability fundamentals Great soldering and electronics fabrication skills Great mechanical fabrication skills Machine shop and electrical prototyping skills Experience with programming (C, Python, Labview) Strong troubleshooting skills to the component level on electronic modules High voltage/power experience highly desired Experience with HV battery systems highly desired Previous lab management and supervisory experience highly desired CAD modeling (Catia V5/V6 preferred, Solidworks) highly desired Experience with schematic capture highly desired First aid/AED/CPR training highly desired

What to Expect We are looking for a highly motivated engineer specializing in security process automation and incident response to defend Tesla’s information, infrastructure, and products. It's fun to work in a company where employees believe in what they're doing! The Detection and Incident Response Team is responsible for detecting and responding to threats against our corporate, manufacturing and production environments. This is a technical role, which is involved in all aspects of the incident response life cycle and what technical steps are needed to automate the process of responding to a security incident. As an Incident Response Engineer, you will be an Incident Handler as part of the Detection and Incident Response team. You will protect Tesla by investigating, containing, remediating, and documenting security incidents. You will also help detection engineers to improve logging coverage, security tools tuning, suggest ideas and contribute to the new signals development process and automation to detect and respond to threats automatically and at scale. Your responsibilities will also include improving/documenting incident response procedures and playbooks, reporting, and developing and maintaining new automated processes to lower the meantime to remediation. What You’ll Do        Participate in incident management calls and coordinate response, triage, recovery, and reporting of incidents.        Monthly and quarterly incident analysis and stats reporting        Ongoing maintenance and improvements/tuning of automated incident response processes.        Work closely with the Detection and Threat Intel engineers to detect, respond to alerts and provide timely response for the security incidents        Participate in incident response activities (including tabletop exercises) to verify existing playbooks and procedures and identify opportunities for improvement        Assessing and analyzing prior incidents for operational improvements, whether automated or manual.        Continuous monitoring, tuning, hardening and improvement of the existing security rules and policies        Keeping existing runbooks up to date and creating new runbooks to improve processes/coverage        Analyze security data and report on threats and incidents across various platforms and environments.        Monitor and analyze emerging threats, vulnerabilities, and exploits.        Provide security monitoring and incident response services supporting the mission to protect Tesla        Security process improvement What You’ll Bring  Excellent understanding and experience in multiple security domains such as intrusion detection, incident response, malware analysis, application security, and forensics.  Experience detecting abuse and large-scale attacks in a diverse environment.  Experience in cloud environments (AWS preferred) and Linux containers and orchestration systems (Kubernetes preferred)  Knowledge of web-services such as API and REST  Experience with GIT or other version control systems  Basic understanding of the Security automation (SOAR) principles. As a bonus – ability to implement automated solutions outside of the scope of SOAR.  Experience working with multiple stakeholders such as engineering/operations teams, internal business units, external incident response teams, and law enforcement throughout the incident lifecycle.  Solid experience and the ability to analyze network traffic, endpoint indicators, IOCs. Ability to combine/search/correlate various log sources to identify potential threats, assess the potential damage, and recommend countermeasures  Familiarity with the following detection-related disciplines with deep experience in one or more: o Large scale analysis of log data using tools such as Splunk or ELK. o File system, memory, or live response on Windows, MacOS and/or Linux. o Analysis of network traffic from intrusion detection systems and flow monitoring systems. o Host level detection with tools such as auditd, os-query, SysMon  Real world experience using at least one major SIEM system  Experience with Splunk is a bonus  Security Certifications (i.e. Security+, CISSP, CEH, SANS, etc.) is also a plus

What to Expect As a Tech Trainee you are working on one of the most progressive vehicles in the world. This position is customer facing, so solid customer service skills combined with exceptional “hands on” technical ability go hand in hand. This position is located at the service center. Communication is highly important. Excellent Oral and Written communication required. If you are able to deliver strong customer satisfaction consistently, are motivated and a team player, we are interested in speaking with you. Relevant military service may be substituted for industry experience, and military veterans are encouraged to apply.  What You’ll Do  Performs entry-level work in the inspection, repair, and service of Tesla electric vehicles.  Operate a variety of hand, power, and shop tools.  Perform equipment inspections, adjustments and certifications.  Perform Pre-Delivery Inspections (PDI) of new cars.  Maintain records of time and materials.  Maintain inventory of shop supplies and parts.  Perform other related duties as assigned.  Help maintain vehicle cleanliness of customer cars.  Support lead technicians as needed.  Knowledge of: Methods, techniques, parts, tools and materials used in the maintenance and repair of vehicles. Operation and maintenance of a wide variety of hand power tools, shop tools, and automotive and electrical test equipment.  Efficient skills in basic automotive techniques related to repair and servicing of automobiles.  Support Parts & Front of House operations as needed or on a rotational basis What You’ll Bring  High School Diploma or GED.  Post-secondary automotive education (or equivalent military service experience) preferred but not required.  Must be at least 18 years of age.  Valid driver’s license, clean driving record and insurable.  Must be capable of reporting to training location or local service center as needed.  Ability to lift up to 60 pounds.  Must follow verbal and written instructions with attention to detail.  Be able to work in a team-based environment and achieve set goals.  Must have a "safety first" attitude.  Familiar understanding of the English language.  Basic computer skills, including navigating web browsers and using standard applications such as Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Outlook).

What to Expect The Tesla Body Repair Program is seeking a Body Shop Estimator to work on one of the most progressive vehicle brands in the world. This position will involve supporting the Body Repair Program in all aspects. If you are interested in becoming a part of a world class service team supporting the latest EV technology, we are interested in hearing from you.   What You’ll Do Create repair estimates for Collision Damaged Tesla Model S, Model X, and Model 3 vehicles that arrive for repair (Technical estimating, no sales estimating).   Build Repair Plans in accordance with Tesla specific repair procedures.   Bill work in accordance with industry accepted Insurance standards   Document all damages requiring repair or parts replacement with photos.   Direct disassembly technicians as to the pace and scope of disassembly to expose all damages up front.   Order all replacement parts from Tesla Warehouse.   Monitor parts delivery.   Communicate with insurance company to submit claim and billing.    Direct Body Techs to perform repair attempts where Repair Vs Replace is not clear.   Manage Time in order to meet daily requirement of fully Blueprinted vehicles   Update Customer on vehicle progress   Close billing and delivery of vehicle   What You’ll Bring 5+ years of automotive collision damage estimating experience   Knowledge of insurance procedures and requirements   Excellent verbal and written communication skills   I-CAR certification preferred   Proficient with Computers, as well as CCC, Audatex, or Mitchell Estimating Software   Excellent Customer Service skills   Automotive knowledge/background   Excellent Prior work references   Willingness to be cross trained in career advancing management roles as needed   Must be 18 years or older  

What to Expect Disclaimer: This position is expected to start around May 2023 and continue through the entire Summer term (i.e. through September) or into Fall 2023 if available. We ask for a minimum of 12 weeks, full-time, for most internships. Please consider before submitting an application. International Students: If your work authorization is through CPT, please consult your school before applying. You must be able to work 40 hours per week. Many students will be limited to part-time depending on their academic standing. Internship Program at Tesla The Internship Recruiting Team is driven by the passion to recognize emerging talent. Our year around program places the best students in positions that they will grow both technically and personally through their experience working closely with their Manager, Mentor, and team. We are dedicated to providing an experience that allows for the intern to experience life at Tesla by given them projects that are critical to their team’s success.  The Role This Engineering team supports Tesla Vehicle and Energy manufacturing programs. The group collaborates on R&D and mass production projects with the supply chain, process engineering, and quality organizations. The role is at the core of product manufacturability within Tesla.   About the Team   This Engineering team supports Tesla Vehicle and Energy manufacturing programs. The group collaborates on R&D and mass production projects with the supply chain, process engineering, and quality organizations.  The role is at the core of product manufacturability within Tesla.  What You’ll Do What to Expect   This Engineering intern will work under the guidance of Engineers to execute project tasks relating to manufacturing needs.  Additionally, you will work collaboratively with cross-functional partners and external vendors and suppliers.  This could include (but is not limited to) the following:  Lead process development and improvement plans  Participate in equipment validation  Perform identification, root cause analysis, and resolution of product manufacturing issues  Resolve issues and concerns with cross functional teams including engineering, supply chain, manufacturing, and/or service.  Manage small projects from start to finish. What You’ll Bring Currently working towards a BS or MS in chemical engineering, mechanical engineering, manufacturing engineering, or equivalent  A passion to implement and work on mechanical automation equipment, robotics, design of electromechanical systems, PLCs, motion controls  Knowledge of relevant manufacturing processes and a variety of engineering materials  Experience with semi-automated / automated manufacturing equipment is a plus  Experience with automotive environmental, reliability, and safety requirements is a plus  Knowledge of lithium-ion battery technology and electrochemistry a plus  Position will offer unique and complex engineering challenges that require persistence, innovative thinking and a positive attitude  Hands-on experience, previous internship and/or project experience is preferred  Must be able to work in a fast paced environment, occasionally requiring extended hours  Proven ability to operate under pressure while managing multiple priorities simultaneously  Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written  Aptitude to learn and incorporate new technologies

The Role Tesla is currently seeking a motivated Industrial Engineer to design the material flow for Global Factory Design projects for Vehicle and Energy Products. This role focuses on the end-to-end design of raw material flow, from concept design through handoff of a fully detailed plan to Operations. This role will design the inbound loading area, provide material handling headcount estimates, make equipment recommendations for forklift-free operations, and ensure the lineside space is efficiently designed. This role requires a solid understanding of Industrial Engineering fundamentals. It is critical for a successful applicant to solve problems using first principles analysis, and exercise aggressive design optimization. This position may be based in Reno/Sparks, NV or Austin, TX. The team is responsible for developing a factory design which supports seamless integration between production, material flow, construction, and facilities teams. Innovation is expected. Through a detailed understanding of the high-level factory objectives and extensive collaboration with the internal and external teams designing individual factory components, this team ensures that the factory design as whole achieves all of Tesla’s objectives. The ideal candidate will excel in a demanding and fast-paced environment where they will work as part of a strong, agile, and highly motivated team to accomplish some of the most ambitious projects being attempted in any industry today. A successful applicant will take pride in their thoroughness, analytical ability, organizational skills, and team mentality. The candidate will be able to think at a systems level about ambiguous problems and use strong logic to develop models that drive optimal factory design decisions. Roles and Responsibilities Display a positive attitude and practice strong work ethics that reflects the mission, philosophy and goals of Tesla.  Develop End to End Material Flow Design for the entirety of the Bill of Materials for new products and new factories/expansions, while optimizing variables such as factory space, labor and throughput. Design innovative material flow strategies for a wide variety of materials for all production lines Integrate forklift-free delivery strategies to support safety and drive efficiency. Improve/ Design models to aid with predicting material handling labor, warehouse space and material handling equipment. Perform Capacity Planning calculations to ensure accurate resource & equipment planning for the designed system. Collaborate with cross functional teams comprising of Packaging Engineering, Manufacturing, Supply Chain, Finance and more, to ensure the right strategies of material flow designs are implemented. Challenge the assumptions behind manufacturing designs, and base recommendations of design on first principles approach. Collaborate with Manufacturing and Factory Design layout teams to design detailed material flow lineside layouts. Develop innovative, cost-effective solutions with the packaging team for part presentation, packing density, and sustainability in automated and manual solutions Design conceptual warehouse configurations to aid with analysis. Perform clash detection analysis for material flow routes in the factory footprint to ensure smooth flow of materials. Skills and Experience: 2+ years of industrial, manufacturing, or mechanical engineering experience with emphasis on material flow/supply chain/process improvement (internship experience will be considered). BS or MS Industrial Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Manufacturing Engineering and/or equivalent experience. Demonstrated leadership and ability to drive projects with diverse teams in a high-volume manufacturing environment. Experience quantitatively solving ambiguous problems at a systems level. Extensive detailed analysis experience to make data-driven decisions and summarize results for executives. Exemplary verbal and written communication skills. Extensive experience with Excel (VBA a plus). Experience with layouts in AutoCAD. Preferred Experience:  Experience in material handling equipment design/implementation. Experience with data visualization/analysis software such as Tableau, SQL Experience in working with Packaging Engineering/ Design teams to recommend optimized packaging solutions. Experience designing greenfield facility layouts and/or material flow Experience in supply chain planning, and/or solid understanding of warehousing design and concepts. Some experience with discrete event simulation software (ARENA, FlexSim, etc) Experience with automated material flow/warehouse equipment design and/or implementation.

What to Expect We are looking for a highly skilled and motivated Global Supply Manager to support our development teams and contract manufacturing partners in the sourcing of Direct Supply Chain components and parts.  These could include specific parts related to one of our three automobiles (Model S, Model X and/or Model 3), Tesla Energy, Batteries and/or any other components intrinsic to the successful running of the organization. This role will report to our Supply Chain Group Manager and in parallel be an active sourcing resource supporting our various Engineering groups within Tesla.  She/he will be a member of our Supply Chain Organization supporting the development, implementation and management of strategies to provide Tesla with optimal supply assurance, pricing, flexibility, quality and delivery performance.The Global Supply Manager builds and leverages strong working relationships with our engineering teams and key suppliers to assure cost, quality, and delivery targets are met.   They work toward good supplier relationships and total costs of ownership to achieve maximum advantage for Tesla and our customers. Tesla is a fast moving, dynamic environment where flexibility and adaptability are key attributes needed for success.   The successful candidate will be a self-starter; motivated with expert overall Sourcing Expertise.   What You’ll Do  Lead cost analysis, drive continual cost reduction and avoidance initiatives through ad hoc price negotiations, evaluate supplier core competencies and competitive positioning using industry cost models  Analyze current spend and evaluate current suppliers. Consolidate spend across supply base to create leverage, analyze purchasing trends and develop sourcing alternatives. Identify new high potential suppliers on global basis  Develop key performance measures for chosen suppliers using analytical skill, design dashboard or KPI report for metrics, and negotiate on multiple variables to award longer-term strategic contracts that result in significant cost reduction and improved service levels  Drive price negotiations processes, evaluate supplier business proposals and present recommendations that will result in cost savings, avoidance or containment  Lead the vendor selection process with cross functional team including engineering teams, drive supply base consolidation where possible  Drive process optimization and work collaboratively with other Sourcing Specialists, Sourcing Managers, Category Managers, and Buyers, address all areas of category management including category business plans, global market and pricing analysis and procurement support  Develop sourcing and negotiation strategies that deliver against business objectives and achieves sustainable relationships with suppliers  Evaluate and provide guidance on final selection of suppliers; Perform value analysis for final selection of suppliers  What You’ll Bring  Bachelor’s degree (Master preferred) in Business, Supply Chain, Operations Management, Engineering or Chemistry and/or equivalent experience or evidence of exceptional ability  Ability to multi-task, prioritize and work in an extremely fast-paced environment  3 + years related experience in supply chain filed is a plus  Proficient with Microsoft and Office applications, particularly Microsoft Excel

What to Expect We are looking for a highly motivated individual to support the Supercharger deployment team. This person must have a construction background; general contractor’s experience is highly valued. The role will oversee multiple construction projects and enforce budget, timeline, fit, finish, and safety requirements. A get-it-done mentality for all situations is expected. What You’ll Do Get the most world-class Supercharger sites built in the shortest amount of time for the least amount of money. Provide related feedback to the deployment, development, and engineering team on how to design equipment and sites for better/faster/cheaper site builds. Help design and implement those improvements. Coordinates the timely processing and approvals of all shop drawings to and from subcontractors and architects/engineers. Coordinate with Project Managers to timely process change requests and change orders Distribute drawing and design revisions, bulletins, etc. to Project Manager, Super and all trades. Communicate effectively, both orally and written. Prepare weekly construction reports with photos, schedule, etc. Expedites project close-out requirements including municipal sign offs, as-built drawings, final project photos, etc. Maintain a high level of productivity. Balance a large number of concurrent tasks. Effectively prioritize efforts. Foresee necessary work and organize and disseminate information as needed. Maintain project schedules. What You’ll Bring Any combination of education and experience equivalent to a Bachelor’s degree in Construction Management, Engineering, Architecture or a related subject and 4-6 years of increasingly responsible estimating and project management experience, or the equivalent in experience and evidence of exceptional ability Thorough understanding of construction administration processes, including contracts, budgets, construction documents, change orders, schedules, RFIs, submittals, and material procurement. Advanced knowledge of construction means and methods Strong understanding of AC and DC power, transformers, circuit protection, single-line electrical and mechanical diagrams, and construction drawings. Excellent written and spoken English. Must have the ability to discuss technical topics with a variety of audiences – contractors, engineers, and members of various divisions within Tesla. Class A general contractor’s license a plus but not required Available for extensive travel (50%+), often on short notice. Ability to obtain an U.S. passport. Must have valid driver’s license and clean driving record.

What to Expect The Role Tesla is looking for an experienced Mobile Glass Technician to work on one of the most progressive vehicle brands in the world. This position requires a significant amount of customer interaction, so the ideal candidate will not only possess the technical acumen, but also the ability to provide a strong level of customer service. The role will require daily travel within the region directed by Mobile Glass Dispatch team. If you are interested in becoming a part of a world-class service team supporting the latest EV technology, we are interested in hearing from you. More details about the job are listed below: What You’ll Do Responsibilities Operate a variety of hand, power, and shop tools as required to service automotive glass components Perform repairs and replacements of vehicle glass components Partner with experienced technicians on the inspection, repair, and service of Tesla electric vehicles, as needed When applicable, ensure vehicle Driver’s Assistance System is operating as intended with utilization of computer/calibration software Perform equipment inspections, adjustments and certifications Maintain records of time, expenses and materials Perform other related duties as assigned Help maintain cleanliness of vehicles Effectively handle multiple priorities, organize workload, and meet deadlines Safely operate company vehicle Communicate professionally with customers and other stakeholders Daily regional travel What You’ll Bring Requirements Knowledge and training on removing and installing glass, primarily windshields. Trade school training/ ASE’s a plus Excellent oral and written communication skills as well as the ability to follow written instructions, with attention to detail Ability to establish and maintain cooperative working relationships with those contacted in the course of work, including the public and multiple internal stakeholders Ability to quickly learn and adapt to new systems, processes, and a dynamic work environment Must be comfortable with daily regional travel and operating a large service vehicle Must display a sense of urgency when responding to customer Roadside Assistance needs Excellent customer service and problem-solving abilities

The Role Tesla is seeking a Technical Program Manager on the Production Engineering team to be part of a world-class team of engineers that are responsible for building, maintaining, and improving the automation and robotic equipment at the Tesla factories. As a Technical Program Manager, you are responsible for managing technical projects from “cradle to grave”. This includes driving cost down and capacity improvement projects, owning automation installs, etc. Program managers own driving the scope, schedule, implementation, and cost of the project as well as additional functions such as vendor relations, stakeholder management, and report outs. The key objective of the Production Engineering team is developing new and innovative solutions in the factory and help Tesla achieve its ambitious manufacturing goals. All of these automated manufacturing processes will be initially planned, assembled, and tested at our Tesla facilities located in Fremont, California. Responsibilities  “Concept to completion” ownership of projects  Drive production related metrics and KPI’s. Work with cross-functional team to drive given goals. Identify projects and create roadmap to lead cross-functional team in executing short and long term goals based on cost and quality feedback.  Manage change control and validation plans for equipment and process upgrades, communicate changes and impact to cross-functional teams.  Pull performance data from different data sources to provide impact results over time.   Work collaboratively with all engineering stakeholders (project engineering, industrial engineering, design, controls, software, etc.) through the various stages of the project: Concept development, prototype testing, engineering design, system build, integration, and testing.  Drive vendor partnership working closely with the supply chain and purchasing team and ensure alignment on engineering requirements, scope, schedule, and cost.  Drive requirements and solutions with all internal stakeholders such as infrastructure, logistics, controls, software, and manufacturing engineering teams for the success of the project.  Own and drive internal operations during the install, commission, testing, and integration phases of the project.  Set goals, track deliverables, identify risk, and drive mitigation's across all stages of the project.  Own execution and completion of multiple projects, as needed.  Identify and document all project milestones and deliverables and keep project plans up to date at all times, including resource allocations, tracking hours, monitoring schedules, milestones, deliverables, updating percentage completion, etc.  Continuously monitor and measure project processes and activities to identify and communicate potential issues, risks, or problems in a timely fashion and provide corrective action options to drive to resolution.  Lead cross-functional teams including management and executives.  Includes resource & dependency alignment, coordination of activities, and transparent communication of project status and risk.  Escalate schedule delays due to issues and risks.  Track and manage change requests to the scope and obtain approval if necessary.  Lead onsite installation and commissioning efforts.  Create formal project communication plans key project metrics and dashboards for project status communication.  Continuously develop and adapt processes and methodologies to the team’s needs.  Identify resource requirements and highlight gaps across various stages for all projects.  Own report-outs for all projects, highlighting status, risks, mitigations, and opportunities across all levels of management within Tesla.  Manage the road-map of projects working within the framework of the overall program.  Work with engineering teams on software and electrical hardware designs.  Support and drive software development for PLCs in Siemens, Rockwell, and Beckhoff control systems, for Robots (Kuka, Fanuc, ABB) and SCADA Systems  Enforce application of Tesla standards for software, hardware designs, and system validation  Other duties as assigned. Requirements  BSc in Engineering or MBA, and 5-10 years of program/project management experience in a fast-paced, highly fluid environment or other evidence of exceptional ability. PMP is preferred but not required.  Experience in technical program or project management, ideally with multiple delivered projects of medium ($1-25M+) to large-sized capital equipment systems.  Experience developing processes and methodologies to suit specific engineering workflows desired.  Knowledge of JIRA and diverse continuous integration workflows is a plus.  Experience in Production/Manufacturing environment (involved in design, development, commissioning, and line delivery)  Proficiency in Confluence, Jira, Tableau, Wiki  Familiarity in several Agile principles - Scrum, Kanban, etc.  Self-organized, outstanding written, and verbal communication skills.  Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.  Demonstrated, applied experience delivering complex programs and projects.  Experience working with stakeholders, Product & Engineering Managers to keep everyone aligned.  Experience working with complex electromechanical assembly lines.  Experience working with PLCs (Rockwell, Siemens, Beckhoff),  on HMIs, and with Data Management  Experience working with teams doing software development and electrical hardware design.  Proficiency in MS Office Suite and MS Project.  Some travel is expected - e.g. for vendor visits, equipment installation and commissioning. The role is based in Fremont.

What to Expect The Senior Mechanical Design Engineer is responsible for inventing and shepherding design concepts into viable product offerings. The candidate should demonstrate a history of innovation, technical prowess, project management skills, a strong work ethic, and an ability to work cross functionally. Tesla’s Solar Roof Design Engineering Team develops novel roofing and solar systems for the purpose of accelerating the world’s transition to sustainable energy. This group is focused on design conception, prototyping, and DFM for Tesla’s Solar Roof. New concepts are evaluated based upon first principles, rigorous cost analysis, feasibility, and reliability testing. What You’ll Do Participate in cross-functional development of product requirements Design mechanical solutions for novel roof integrate photovoltaic systems Agile concept development / CAD creation of concepts First principles analysis using solid mechanics and strength of materials calculations Qualification of new technology platforms as mediums for design Hands-on rapid prototyping and/or project management of internal/external rapid prototyping contract manufacturing project Participate in DFMEA test plan development and validation with Field Applications and Reliability Engineering teams. Work with Manufacturing Engineering or external contract manufacture on product DFM. Support employee and customer pilot testing and product launches Collaborate with legal team to secure patents for new ideas What You’ll Bring BS (or equivalent) in Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related field 5 years of product design experience or an advanced degree in one of the above fields Experience with high volume product design and manufacturing process Must be proficient in Solidworks or similar CAD software, 3-D modeling and 3-D prototyping Candidates must have strong GD&T (Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing) experience Demonstrated record of successfully managing multiple projects simultaneously Demonstrated record of success working in a high pressure, tight deadline situation. Exceptional written, oral, interpersonal, and presentation skills

What to Expect Tesla’s EMC Compliance Engineering group is looking for a skilled and motivated electrical engineer to design and develop EMI solutions for power conversion product intended to be used in energy products. What You’ll Do Design and development of EMI filters. Work closely with power electronics, PCB layout and mechanical design engineers to successfully develop EMI compliant power converters. Start to finish ownership of EMC compliance – from specification to design, prototype, testing and manufacturing. What You’ll Bring BSEE in Electrical Engineering 4 or more years of hands-on experience with EMI filter designs for power converters and EMC compliance testing. Strong understanding of conducted and radiated noise sources and their mitigation techniques in power electronic systems. Experience with design of common mode and differential mode chokes for noise filtering. Experience in supervision of PCB layout for minimal stray parameters, power/signal plane definition for EMC optimization. Thorough knowledge of EMC test standards such as FCC and EN. Experience with the test methods and use of measuring equipment including spectrum analyzers, signal generators, amplifier, antennas, line filters etc. Awareness of UL and CE electrical safety requirements and EMC requirements relevant to power converters. MSEE or Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering. Fundamental knowledge of power electronics topologies (AC/DC, DC/DC & DC/AC) and switching waveforms. Familiarity with schematic capture, power converter and electro-magnetic circuit simulation tools. Experience with scripting and/or test automation.

What to Expect As Project Controls Manager you will lead the project controls estimation, schedule, and cost management teams on large scale Infrastructure projects on the West Coast. You will manage high performing teams working cross functionally with project execution, finance, construction engineering, and facilities teams while ensuring your teams are delivering best value to all.   What You’ll Do Estimation: Further development of estimation program and tools. Perform Deep dive reviews with estimators and project teams, understanding cost drivers and drive opportunities for value engineering  Cost Management: Continue development and implementation of cost management tools including approved budget, total commitments, cost incurred, and invoiced costs. Work closely with project teams to forecast project costs during project execution.  Change Management: Support project teams on change management, develop processes to streamline information flow and secure timely approvals from management.   Communication: Lead development of dashboards and applications for improved communication for various levels of management.  Risk Assessment: Work with key stakeholders to identify project risks and support those teams through the mitigation process  Scheduling: Further develop project scheduling program. Perform deep dive reviews with project schedulers and project teams.   Coach and mentor counterparts and subordinates on excellence in the construction industry  Use efficient and aesthetic communication methods to escalate roadblocks or communicate successes as necessary   Assist in the maintenance, development, and enhancement of the company’s relationship with contractors in a bid to produce strategic partnership  Employ a can-do attitude, ensuring all stakeholders are engaged and aligned to the organization's goals   Provide the best product for your respective customer or end users, keeping projects and programs moving forward and fixing concerns as they arise     Foster an innovative environment amongst your team’s and those within the infrastructure group to help Tesla succeed in accelerating the world’s transition to sustainable energy  Provide strategic input into the construction organization, setting your teams future up for growth and success   What You’ll Bring Bachelor’s degree in Architecture, Engineering or Construction Management or related fields, or the equivalent in experience Master’s degree in any business, finance, economics or engineering a bonus Willing to travel for work, up to 50% of the time  12+ years of experience on large commercial or industrial construction projects  Excellent written and verbal communication, presentation skills using Microsoft Applications  Advanced knowledge and proven delivery on Civil, Structural, and Architectural, Mechanical, electrical, life safety and controls scopes, bonus if specific to manufacturing processes  Ability to be proactive and to foresee events and react appropriately  Ability to train and mentor colleagues on best practices for project management and execution  Willingness to get your hands dirty as needed to complete objectives and lead your times through challenging projects  Ability to work within a high-performance, cross-functional organization with extremely tight timelines and aggressive goals  Have an inquisitive and open attitude to exploring innovative ideas and willingness to continuously learn  Capacity to work long hours on demanding projects in high stress environments 

What to Expect - What You’ll Do Responsibilities   Process recyclables and general waste with compaction equipment.   Operate balers, compactors, augers, material handlers, wheel loaders, and industrial lifts to densify and process waste for shipping.   Maintain production throughput and product quality by adhering to recycling separation standards.   Conduct pre and post trip documentation and preventative maintenance activities on equipment. What You’ll Bring Requirements   Interest and/or experience in recycling and waste management   Able to wear all required PPE associated with required tasks   Ability to sit, stand, and/or walk for 10+ hours per day, Lift at least 10 -20 lbs on a regular basis, perform repetitive hand and wrist motions and sometimes may have to twist and bend body, Ability to climb ladders/stairs, Work in loud environment. Must be able to discern audible alarms.   Knowledge in heavy equipment operation.   Knowledge in using hand tools, electrical meter, and testing equipment.   Perform preventative maintenance on facilities systems including required calibrations as scheduled.   Make periodic inspections of all mechanical and electrical equipment and systems   Implement and sustain standard organizational practices and adhere to 5S practices   Comply with all site safety and environmental policies   Provides excellent customer service.   Complete tasks in a timely manner and provide feedback.

What to Expect What to expect:  You will be part of a team that works on reinforcing, optimizing, and scaling our neural network training & auto-labeling infrastructure and framework both for Autopilot and the Tesla Bot. What You’ll Do What you will do:Scale up and reduce wall-clock time of our training jobs by stabily scaling to thousands of gpus.Implemented the latest machine learning systems research in training and its efficiency.Profile our workloads and implement solutions to increase training efficiency.Identify and eliminate bottlenecks in the ML stack, from data-loading up to the GPU.Optimizing for efficient hardware utilization (e.g. CPU and GPU compute, data throughput, networking). What You’ll Bring What you will bring:Experience programming in Python.Experience with at least one deep learning framework (ideally in PyTorch).Demonstrated experience in profiling CPU/GPU code.Proficient in system-level software, in particular hardware-software interactions and resource utilization.Optional: Experience with high-performance networking (e.g. Infiniband, RDMA, NCCL).Optional: Experience programming in C/C++ and CUDA.

What to Expect The Role   Tesla Motors is looking for an experienced Mobile Tire Technician to work on one of the most progressive vehicle brands in the world. This position requires a significant amount of customer interaction, so the ideal candidate will not only possess the technical acumen, but also the ability to provide a strong level of customer service. This position will service the Agoura Hills area; however, the role will require daily travel within the region directed by Mobile Tire Dispatch team. If you are interested in becoming a part of a world-class service team supporting the latest EV technology, we are interested in hearing from you. More details about the job are listed below:  What You’ll Do Responsibilities   Performs apprentice level work in the inspection, repair, and service of Tesla electric vehicles   Operate a variety of hand, power, and shop tools   Perform equipment inspections, adjustments and certifications  Maintain records of time, expenses and materials   Perform other related duties as assignedHelp maintain cleanliness of vehicles   Effectively handle multiple priorities, organize workload, and meet deadlines   Support other Mobile Service technicians and Tesla Service Centers as needed  Daily regional travel   What You’ll Bring Requirement   Valid driver’s license in the country (State for US) in which you are applying with a clean driving history Knowledge of methods and techniques in the maintenance and repair of vehicles  Understanding and training on mounting and balancing tires and tire repair  Trade school training/ ASE’s a plus  Excellent oral and written communication skills as well as the ability to follow instructions   Ability to establish and maintain cooperative working relationships with those contacted in the course of work, including the public and multiple internal stakeholders  Ability to quickly learn and adapt to new systems, processes, and a dynamic work environment  Must be willing to become DOT certified  Experience operating a tow and trailer   Must be comfortable with daily regional travel and operating a large service vehicle  Must display a sense of urgency when responding to customer Roadside Assistance needs  Excellent customer service and problem solving abilities  Must be 21 or olderEmployee Benefits   Full benefits from day 1 for you and your eligible dependents Aetna PPO and HSA plans (including infertility and transgender coverage) 2 medical plan choices with $0 paycheck contribution Vision & dental plans (including orthodontic coverage) Healthcare and Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts Company Paid HSA Contribution when enrolled in the High Deductible Medical Plan with HSA Company paid Life, AD&D, short-term and long-term disability 401(k) match, Employee Stock Purchase Plans, and other financial benefits Employee Assistance Program, Sick and Vacation time (Flex Time for salary positions), and Paid Holidays Back-up childcare and employee discounts Voluntary plans such as critical illness, hospital indemnity, accident insurance, and pet insurance Voluntary Identity Theft and Legal Services plans Adoption and surrogacy benefitsMust display a sense of urgency when responding to customer Roadside Assistance needs  Excellent customer service and problem solving abilities  Must be 21 or older Employee Benefits  Full benefits from day 1 for you and your eligible dependents  Medical plan options for Kaiser, Aetna PPO and HSA (including infertility and transgender coverage)  2 medical plan choices with $0 paycheck contribution  Vision & dental plans (including orthodontic coverage)  Healthcare and Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts  Company Paid HSA Contribution when enrolled in the High Deductible Medical Plan with HSA  Company paid Life, AD&D, short-term and long-term disability  401(k) match, Employee Stock Purchase Plans, and other financial benefits  Employee Assistance Program, Sick and Vacation time (Flex Time for salary positions), and Paid Holidays  Back-up childcare and employee discounts  Voluntary plans such as critical illness, hospital indemnity, accident insurance, and pet insurance  Voluntary Identity Theft and Legal Services plans  Adoption and surrogacy benefits

What to Expect Tesla’s Cell Engineering team is looking for an Engineering Program Manager to drive Li-ion battery cell development programs with our vendors.  The role requires a strong technical background, a critical-thinking mindset, a passion to launch new technologies, and demonstrated ability to lead cross-functional teams to execute quickly and effectively.   Tesla moves quickly so we expect this individual to operate with a high degree of autonomy.  The Engineering Program Manager will be immersed in the cell development process at each phase, managing programs from concept to mass production.  He/She/They will be expected to define the program plan, drive the program to meet the plan, and manage the recovery in the event of a program slip. They will partner with external vendors in APAC to co-develop new products.  They will synthesize the program status and key decisions both across the working-level team and up to executives.   The Cell Engineering team develops and qualifies the battery cells for all of Tesla’s products across electric vehicles and energy storage. What You’ll Do  Define new battery cell programs and create program plan    Collaborate with cell vendors in APAC across different cultures and time zones   Drive programs through development, qualification and launch with cross-functional teams   Distill complex technical issues to their program-level impacts   Synthesize and communicate the key program information up to the executive level   Identify creative and timely solutions to address/resolve program challenges   Prioritize engineering team projects based on corporate-level priorities, risk and schedule   Develop new tools and processes to improve productivity for the broader organization What You’ll Bring  B.S. in chemical-/ mechanical-/ electrical- engineering or physics / chemistry or similar subject, or equivalent experience and evidence of exceptional ability   5+ years’ program management or engineering experience in hardware development    Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written   Not afraid to deep dive technical problems   Experience collaborating with Asian vendors preferred  Familiar with lithium ion technology preferred

The Role: A Tesla Facilities Electrical QA/QC Engineer will have the opportunity to drive the quality of electrical construction across all capital and improvement projects throughout multiple buildings in the Bay Area to a world-class level of quality and execution. You will work closely with design, construction, facilities and other end users to continuously develop and improve the process and procedures needed to put state-of-the-art electrical systems into operation and ensure they are free of defects.  Responsibilities:  Serve as Subject Matter Expert on Electrical systems, where you are accountable for driving the quality of electrical construction on every jobsite to the highest standards in the industry.  Verify installation of all electrical infrastructure meets code, specifications, and project plans/drawings using the most stringent requirements.  Inspect for and recognize whether materials used for construction are UL listed and are installed in a manner consistent with their intended use and manufacturer’s instructions.  Work with and mentor electricians of all experience levels to help ensure high quality of installation.  Participate and provide engineering and constructability feedback in design reviews of capital projects.  Perform pro-active quality and readiness inspections with emphasis on identifying and resolving potential issues before they impact the start-up and commissioning of the equipment or system.  Develop, publish, utilize, and make continuous improvements to inspection checklists, ensuring that lessons learned are clearly captured and checked throughout the design, construction, start-up, and commissioning process.  Champion and observe all safety policies (including NFPA-70E) during the execution of required tasks. Must be capable of identifying hazards in testing, start-up and operation of various mechanical, chemical, and electrical systems. Implementing engineering and operational controls to address these hazards combined with clear communication of risks and mitigating actions to all affected parties is a requirement for this role.  Review and drive closure of Construction Checklists and Issues.  Ensure redlines of engineering/vendor documents are accurate and properly transmitted at system turnover.  Coordinate with Facilities team for operation and turnover of systems. Support operations team with troubleshooting system failures and root cause reporting of events.  Knowledge of related basic engineering design principles, applicable design guides and standards.  Knowledge of relevant building codes and standards.  Required to work with and around hazardous areas and hazardous chemicals and materials.  Develop and maintain skills necessary to operate, and collect accurate data from, diagnostic tools related to electrical systems that enables collection of meaningful data for engineering analysis and Commissioning validation of how the mechanical systems operate. This includes thermal imaging and sonic analyzers.  Requirements:  B.S. in Chemical or Mechanical Engineering OR equivalent industry experience, plus experience in at least one of the following categories: o 4 yr accredited apprentice program + 10 yrs as a journeyman electrician in light industrial manufacturing. o 5 years Foreman or Superintendent Status minimum  California Journeyman’s card required.  Experience in oil and gas, pharmaceutical, manufacturing, or large capital projects.  Knowledge of UL Listed materials and how they are used.  Ability to travel  Great organizational and communication skills.  Confident and able to work on own initiative and with limited supervision.  Flexible and able to adapt to current and new company requirements  Ability to interact and coordinate effectively with all levels of construction, facilities operations, manufacturing, engineering, and management, as well as city inspectors

What to Expect Battery Cells are the common denominator for every Tesla product. Our product requirements necessitate ground-up cell architectures with state-of-the-art performance, manufactured at volumes that are orders of magnitude higher than the products they power. We are looking for passionate and self-motivated candidates to join us in our fast-paced and exciting mission. Our team works with engineering groups across various disciplines, requiring strong communication skills and a team-first mentality. You will work alongside seasoned industry experts, high aptitude recent graduates, and people from every stage in between. We look for anyone with an exceptional ability to solve problems in both individual and team settings Tesla is seeking energetic and highly motivated Engineering Technicians to join our pilot development team. In this role you will be squarely at the forefront of bringing new designs and processes into production, running experiments for fundamental understanding, and helping to solve our thorniest manufacturing challenges. What You’ll Do Ownership and expertise of your station(s) Support development trials and small production runs Adhere to company policies of safety and conduct. Support engineering activities including process, equipment, and design validation Develop, execute, and track DOE’s including measurements, fabrication, and running assembly equipment Ensure process stability and quality of production output at assigned station Meticulous documentation of specifications and build tracking Train and provide leadership for associates on equipment operation and processes. Collaborate with both maintenance, quality and engineering teams to sustain and improve on key process metrics What You’ll Bring 2+ years of experience in a pilot or production setting Able to interpret mechanical and electrical schematics as well as engineering drawings Proficient with Microsoft Excel & Word Preferred Qualifications Associate degree, Mechanical engineering or equivalent Mechanical fabrication skills, machine shop experience, expert with hand and power tools Experience with metrology and data acquisition Strong understanding of physics and engineering fundamentals Familiarity with Lithium-ion battery cell, module, and pack design Basic knowledge of GD&T (proficiency is a plus) Knowledge in SQL, Python, Jupyter Notebook a plus Proficiency in 3D CAD modeling (CATIA V5/V6 experience is a plus)

What to Expect The Lead Service Installer will be part of Tesla’s Field Energy Operations team. As a leader at Tesla, the Lead Service Installer will continuously model to others Tesla standards and responsibilities including policy compliance, quality standards, and efficiency goals. The ideal candidate will work cooperatively with team members to successfully complete the maintenance of energy products safely and on time. What You’ll Do  Considered a subject matter expert in energy system installation and is capable of training and mentoring others, may be responsible for a group or team  Able to supervise the jobsite and proactively guides and trains team members to ensure compliance  Able to service and commission energy systems on roofs including array layout, and mounting hardware based on site conditions and customers’ needs and expectations  Proactively resolves equipment and system issues and can troubleshoot and overcome obstacles onsite.  Applies advanced knowledge to improve processes and proactively reviews workmanship onsite  Collaborates with warehouse team to ensure all materials and equipment necessary for servicing is available onsite and communicates job status to customer and leadership  Able to understand productivity goals and drive team members to improve efficiency  Performs routine maintenance on energy systems  Capable of completing work both with a team and as a lone worker  Attend weekly team meetings and mandatory training sessions on new products, service methodology, and safety  Provide an exceptional customer experience to all customers  Performs other related duties as assigned What You’ll Bring  Extensive knowledge of PV equipment, installation, and service  Experience in roof work, general construction, or carpentry preferred  Extensive knowledge of electrical wiring and equipment  Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills  Ability to read building plans and equipment manuals  Ability to safely handle power tools and materials such as: ladders, inverters, solar panels, panel boards, batteries, and other similar electrical equipment, lumber, roofing materials, etc.  Able to always maintain Quality Standards.  Able to bend conduit unassisted.  Excellent customer service and strong written and verbal communication skills  Computer skills preferred  Excellent attendance is essential for the team to achieve success  Ability to work well with others in a collaborative team environment  Travel is mandatory and will vary dependent on business need. Employees must be able to travel for up to 2 weeks at a time, several times a year, to various locations within the US.  Valid Drivers License Required Physical Requirements  Must be able to work at great heights including on rooftops, climbing ladders, and stairs  Must be able to work in extreme environments (example: hot sun, cold, crawl spaces, attic etc.)  Prolonged periods of repetitious duties including lifting, bending, and standing for long periods  Must be able to lift at least 50 pounds frequently  Must meet all OSHA standards for working at heights including:  Ability to climb and utilize equipment on site including various ladders rated for a maximum capacity of 325lbs.  Must be able to meet equipment standards for fall protection (harness, anchor, ropes, etc.) with a maximum capacity of 310bs. Education and Experience  High school diploma or equivalent preferred  Vocational or technical school training preferred  Previous related experience preferred

What to Expect Tesla is seeking a manufacturing engineer to support selection, specification and design of equipment to produce our Power Electronics and Energy Products. The ‘PE-EP’ (Power Electronics and Energy Products) manufacturing engineering team provides an exciting opportunity to work with a broad range of products—including Tesla’s Powerwalls, Megapacks, vehicle charging systems, drive inverters, and supporting hardware. The engineer in this role will work closely between the product design team and factory facilities, sustaining, quality, and production teams to develop, bring-up, and ramp the equipment needed for high volume product assembly. Project scope begins in early product design stages, where the manufacturing engineer will provide DFM feedback, develop equipment concepts, and help define assembly strategy and interface points between the equipment and the product. The manufacturing engineer will design fixtures and tooling to support prototype and pilot builds of new or next-generation products, and directly support these builds as the owner of the manufacturing equipment while working with Tesla’s broader automation development teams or third-party integrators to develop the high volume production equipment. The manufacturing engineer will then be responsible for leading installation, commissioning, ramp and hand-off of said equipment to the production team. The ideal candidate takes pride in his/her hands-on work, analytical ability, organizational skills and attention to detail. He/She appreciates an environment where superior work is encouraged, noticed and rewarded, and where individuals carry tremendous responsibility.  He/She looks forward to learning an incredible amount on the job. What You’ll Do Equipment Development and Implementation Design manufacturing equipment and fixtures for project phases from early stage prototype builds to high volume production Develop concepts for high volume production equipment using a first-principles approach to optimize equipment safety, cost, capacity, volumetric efficiency, and delivery time Advise equipment integrators in design and manufacture of equipment for medium to high volume production Lead commissioning, deployment and ramp of production equipment Define and establish both equipment utility and data interfaces to the physical and ‘virtual’ factory Provide DFM (Design for Manufacturability) input to design team for process and yield improvements Author and compile equipment documentation for hand-off to production sustaining team. Drawing packages, calibration procedures, validation data, spare parts lists, etc. What You’ll Bring 2-5 years manufacturing or equipment sustaining engineering experience in medium to high-volume manufacturing environments Experience bringing-up and ramping new production equipment, preferably for new products or novel processes Proficiency designing mechanical equipment, fixturing and tooling in CAD (SolidWorks preferred, Catia is a plus) Proficiency in analysis of mechanical tolerances/uncertainty and GD&T Experience specifying mechanical and electromechanical hardware Understanding of automation controls systems and interfaces between software, equipment hardware and factory databases BS/MS Mechanical Engineering or equivalent experience  Preferred: Design of equipment for ESD sensitive applications Design of electrically isolated equipment for high voltage safety Automation controls software programming (PLC Ladder Logic, CNC/Robotics, Scripting)

What to Expect Tesla is seeking a highly motivated and organized Payoff Specialist to join our Payoff Operations Team. Payoffs Team is an elite group that supports the seamless collection of all customer trade-in vehicle payoffs. As a Payoff Specialist, your primary responsibility is to ensure a smooth pre-delivery trade-in process for our customers. You will drive payoff collection outreach and resolution of any issues/delays that arise from the customer or their lienholder. You will work with a variety of internal and external stakeholders: Tesla Sales/Delivery, Order Operations, Servicing, finance/banking partners, and/or the customer directly. You learn fast, take ownership and initiative, follow directions well, maintain a hyper focused workflow, and quickly pivot from task to task with a high efficiency. Payoff Specialists are the ultimate problem solvers on our team and ensure all upcoming deliveries are cleared with accuracy.   What You’ll Do Develop extensive knowledge of lender specific requirements as it relates payoff collection for both leased and financed vehicle Comprehend and monitor performance reports and dashboards to track individual KPIs (key performance indicators) and take appropriate action to influence metrics Review documentation when applicable for trade-in vehicles for accuracy and drive immediate actions to resolve potential issues preventing a swift payoff process Routinely call banks/lienholders for updated payoff values Support local Tesla Sales and Delivery teams for all payoff related questions Partner with internal/external stakeholders to correct root cause issues causing payoff discrepancies What You’ll Bring Fluent in Canadian French  Prior experience in an administrative role, dealership, or work with vehicle titles preferred Intermediate excel skills a plus (pivot tables, filters, Vlookups) Strong verbal and written communication skills (confident on the phone), strong attention to detail, solutions/data focused (path forward thinking) Requirements

What to Expect The Role The Vehicle Readiness Specialist is a key contributor to the Tesla experience by preparing vehicles for customers, and working with teammates to find opportunities for continuous improvement and new ways of vehicle readiness. This position is responsible for the high-quality preparation of customer cars, washing vehicles, and preparing new customer delivery vehicles. Success requires a desire to work quickly and efficiently, be challenged, have a high level of accountability, and a personal satisfaction in doing a great job. What You’ll Do Responsibilities  Clean service, loaner, and gallery vehicles  Clean vehicle exteriors and interiors in compliance with company standards  Operate steamers, hoses, vacuums, and other equipment  Ability to spot check and manage paint correction onsite as needed  Track schedules, prioritize, and manage time effectively to meet deadlines  Communicate with various teams that are involved in the vehicle orientation process  Manage inventory and reorder supplies, as needed  Troubleshoot issues and escalate to management through appropriate channels when needed  Perform additional responsibilities as assigned to meet business needs What You’ll Bring Requirements  Valid driver’s license in the country in which you are applying, 2-year minimum driving record required with a clean driving history, and ability to be insured  High School diploma or equivalent  Proven track record of a great work ethic  Demonstrated ability to be a team player  Ability to lift 50 - 60 pounds

What to Expect The Installer is an essential part of Tesla’s Field Energy Operations team. Employees working in this role are leading the drive towards completing Tesla’s mission—to accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy.  As an Installer, each employee is working with the latest solar technology, building relationships with team members, and completing the installation of our products safely and on time.  Tesla’s ideal candidate will have a passion for learning basic energy system construction, terminology, and concepts. This position is an hourly role that requires working outside in extreme environments, working at heights, and prolonged periods of repetitious duties including lifting, bending, and standing for long periods.  What You’ll Do Supporting the Crew Lead and Electrician on the successful install of Tesla’s solar products.  Attending weekly team meetings and mandatory training sessions on new products, best installation practices, and standard workmanship guidelines.  Following building standards and codes when installing panels and support structures.  Assisting with routine maintenance on energy systems.  Managing time and tasks effectively with a sense of urgency.  Providing an exceptional customer experience to all customers.  What You’ll Bring Required Skills/Abilities Experience in roof work, general construction or carpentry preferred.  Ability to safely handle power tools, hand tools as well as materials such as ladders, inverters, solar panels, panel boards, batteries and other similar electrical equipment, lumber, roofing materials, etc.  Excellent problem-solving skills.  Excellent attendance is essential for the team to achieve success.  Travel is mandatory and will vary dependent on business needs. Employees must be able to travel for up to 2 weeks at a time, several times a year to various locations within the US.  Valid Driver’s License Required.Education/Experience High school diploma or equivalent preferred  Vocational or technical school training preferredPhysical Requirements Must be able to work at great heights including on rooftops, climbing ladders, and stairs  Must be able to work in extreme environments (example: hot sun, cold, crawl spaces, attic etc.)  Prolonged periods of repetitious duties including lifting, bending, and standing for long periods  Must be able to lift at least 50 pounds frequently  Must meet all OSHA standards for working at heights including: Ability to climb and utilize equipment on site including various ladders rated for a maximum capacity of 325lbs. Must be able to meet equipment standards for fall protection (harness, anchor, ropes, etc.) with a maximum capacity of 310bs.   Employee Benefits As a full time Tesla employee you will receive full benefits from day 1 for you and your dependents.  Kaiser and Aetna PPO and HSA plans (including infertility coverage)  3 medical plan choices with $0 paycheck contribution  Vision & dental plans (including orthodontic coverage)  Company paid Life, AD&D, short-term and long-term disability  401(k), Employee Stock Purchase Plans, and other financial benefits  Employee Assistance Program, Paid Time Off, and Paid Holidays  Back-up childcare and employee discountsCandidates must successfully complete and pass MVR background check  

What to Expect Tesla Energy is looking for a highly skilled and motivated individual to take ownership over mechanical design of key sub-systems for the Tesla Supercharger. The role requires strong fundamentals, a passion to push the boundaries of technology and the tenacity to make your designs successful. Tesla operates under compressed timelines, so being self-motivated, disciplined, and resilient is critical. We aim to recruit the most talented engineers to accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy.   The Supercharger mechanical design team is a fun, diverse group of engineers, working to design world class charging hardware. We are responsible for major system architecture decisions, detailed design and simulation, and hardcore mechanical design of all elements of the Supercharger system. We are responsible for the success of the product from the early ideation phase all the way to mass production. The Supercharger engineering team is one of the few teams at the company that works on core Tesla tech, high power distribution, while also working on products that everyday people interact with. We are looking for mission driven, enthusiastic design engineers with a passion for hands on work. What You’ll Do Modeling and design of mechanical components and assemblies including sheet metal, structural metals, high voltage distribution, plastics, environmental sealing materials, fasteners, and other components. Mechanical design analysis including structural finite element analysis, design for assembly, design for manufacturing, and design for test. Work with cross-functional teams to refine specifications and achieve product performance, aesthetic, schedule, cost, reliability, and quality targets. Collaborate with thermal, systems, electrical, sourcing, manufacturing, and reliability teams to take designs from prototype through mass production. Develop engineering test plans for designs. Assist in engineering prototype builds and component fabrication. Root cause and solve test failures and production problems. Create high quality drawing packages and manufacturing instructions for parts and assemblies. What You’ll Bring 2+ years of product design experience BS or MS degree in Mechanical Engineering from a top university Experience designing for high-volume assembly and manufacturing. Experience designing products with a large bill of materials Experience designing products for outdoor environments, including IP/NEMA environmental seals. Strong engineering fundamentals in mechanics, heat transfer, and fluids. Experience with various manufacturing processes such as metal stamping, extruding, welding/brazing, plating, heat treating, plastic injection molding, thermoforming, and bonding. Experience in designing for high volume assembly, both manual and automated. Experience defining test plans, designing test setups, and analyzing data. Proficiency in CAD modeling. CATIA V5/V6 experience a plus but not mandatory. Experience with PLM systems, engineering changes, deviations, BOM structuring, etc.

What to Expect The Technical Portfolio Analyst, Infrastructure and Business Development is responsible for maintaining location data accuracy and driving improvements for Tesla’s internal location database tool. This person will collaborate with internal software developers, IT product owners, business managers, etc. on a global level to ensure critical real estate data fields are up to date, accurate, and ready for dynamic reporting. What You’ll Do Develop and maintain the North America Tesla Real Estate portfolio source of truth.   Track critical data fields associate with Tesla Real Estate and provide timely reports to global business partners related to those fields. Partner with the Tesla Lease Administration Team to generate reports on critical leasing information. Clearly communicate this information to our North America Real Estate team. Partner directly with the Product Owner and Software Engineers of Tesla’s internal location database tool to improve accuracy and overall functionality of the tool. Collaborate with teams globally to ensure all data fields are accurate within the internal location database tool. Understand new requests being made for change in the Tesla internal location database tool, align with global partners, and collaborate with the software engineers and product owner to help prioritize the requirement. Run frequent data audits to verify the accuracy of critical data fields. Manage North America user access rights in the internal location database tool.   Create location specific reports for various stakeholders in a timely manner. Drive initiatives to expand the accuracy of portfolio data.Attributes: You’re an analytical thinker and a natural team leader. Strong verbal and written communication skills. You understand the importance of asking questions rather than making potentially false assumptions. You are a quick and flexible learner: intellectually curious, open-minded, adaptable, comfortable with ambiguity and risk, and excited by dynamic change.  You don’t sweat the small stuff, but also understand the importance of paying close attention to detail and being very precise. You inspire trust, forge relationships quickly, and earn the confidence and cooperation of your business partners. You maintain a positive attitude. You can work both autonomously and collaboratively, and you will be effective at juggling and prioritizing multiple competing tasks in a fast-paced, challenging environment. You have high standards, integrity, and ethics. What You’ll Bring Intermediate to Proficient skill level in SQL and Excel. Experience analyzing large data sets and providing clear recommendations based on the findings. Familiarity with Infrastructure Development and Real Estate data (encouraged, not required). Excellent communication skills (verbal and written) liaising with both technical and non-technical professionals. Strong presentation skills to audiences comprised of all levels of leadership. 

What to Expect The Role At Tesla, our Parts Advisors play an important role in service operations, offering fundamental support to both Technicians and customers in our mission to accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy. As a Parts Advisor, you will provide critical parts support to the service center; liaise with other departments, as well as focusing on the continuous development of your skills. We’ve created one of the most innovative vehicles ever made and you will help ensure an equally innovative service to customers. To succeed at Tesla, you must be energetic, highly organized, and hard working. You should have a passion for the brand and the ability to thrive in a team environment. What You’ll Do Responsibilities  Source parts from distribution centers and other service center locations and allocate them to vehicle service appointments  Monitor inventory within the parts system, communicate parts updates and availability with relevant team members  Review upcoming appointments and ensure they are properly prepared and documented in our system  Prepare internal orders for shipment to other service center locations  Process and return warranty part shipments for quality assurance including handling hazardous materials and high-voltage batteries  Systematically receive, inspect, and put away stock and special-order parts  Consistently manage the inventory stock level by performing daily perpetual parts counts, and reporting discrepancies  Proactively maintain automated inventory replenishment lists  Ensure excellent organization of stock room to Tesla standard with grocery store aesthetics  Collaborate across organization and communicate parts updates and availability  Escalate parts issues from internal or external suppliers in collaboration with Regional Parts Manager, acting as a point of contact to vendors and giving constructive feedback that will contribute to future improvements  Pick up and transport parts using van or forklift, engaging 3rd parties when necessary  Additional responsibilities as assigned to meet business needs What You’ll Bring Requirements  Excellent communication skills and ability to establish and maintain strong working relationships with both internal stakeholders and customers  Ability to thrive in a team-based environment and achieve common goals  Effectively handle multiple priorities, organize workload, and meet deadlines  Great problem-solving skills, and strong ability to take initiative and be proactive  Positive, enthusiastic, and willing to learn about the changes in the personal transportation industry and Tesla products and services  Able to communicate, read, and write effectively in the English language on all levels  Proficient in MS Office  Able to certify at Parts Advisors 1 and obtain Tesla forklift certification  Valid driver’s license in the country in which you are applying, 2-year minimum driving record required with a clean driving history; ability to obtain appropriate state licensing, where applicable Physical Requirements  Ability to perform repetitious duties including: regularly lift up to 25 lbs., sit, bend and stand for long periods of time  Must be able to occasionally lift up to 50 lbs., climb or balance, kneel or crouch, and reach to retrieve parts.  Specific vision abilities required include: ability to identify parts, operate systems, and identify potential safety hazards in the parts department

What to Expect Tesla has an immediate opening for an Associate Engineering Manager to join the Drive Unit, Production Engineering team at Gigafactory 1 in Sparks, NV. We are seeking a highly motivated, tenacious and team-oriented leader to be responsible for the performance of an equipment & process engineering team that owns critical metrics related to manufacturing. The team drives improvements in overall equipment efficiency, product yield, cost and cycle time through documented actions with clearly defined schedules and expected results. The Associate Engineering Manager will not only lead by example but also performance manage the team where needed to generate the highest value from every employee while maintaining a high level of technical ability. What You’ll Do Manage, mentor and lead a team of equipment and process engineers at Gigafactory 1 focused on inverter manufacturing equipment, specifically within our Drive Unit team. Tesla people leaders are responsible for a variety of Environmental Health and Safety (EHS) assurance functions, including ensuring their teams’ safety training is current, documenting EHS incidents, proactively correcting workplace hazards in the areas, and empowering others to continuously improve operations. Build & improve management systems to ensure all equipment operates safely, with high availability & product quality and low cycle time Own, report on and drive improvement of area KPI’s including equipment availability, product yield, cycle time and cost Coach engineers and technicians to develop and implement equipment upgrades and process changes to increase capacity, lower cost and improve yield Lead and assist engineers and technicians in resolving unplanned down events and driving permanent RCCAs, using the 3D/8D process where applicable Make daily resource allocation decisions, balancing competing priorities, to serve the needs of the engineering, maintenance, and production communities Serve as backup engineer for all members of the team both to ensure zero gaps in coverage as well as adequately address issues of escalating complexity. Collaborate with MFG engineering and controls teams to install and debug new processes and equipment What You’ll Bring BS or MS degree in an engineering discipline or equivalent experience Experience leading teams within heavily automated, high volume manufacturing facilities, including but not limited to assembly, robotics, etc.  Exemplary track record of high impact contributions both as an individual engineer and in a management capacity Hands on experience with lean manufacturing principles Demonstrated ability to meet commitments and deliver results in a fast-paced technical manufacturing environment Ability to manage and execute multiple large-scale projects simultaneously, dynamically adjusting priorities to meet changing business needs Outstanding communication skills - both written and verbal Experience with application and teaching of structured problem-solving methodology, such as DOE, root cause analysis, etc Experience with mechanical, automation, and controls engineering is highly preferred Understanding of equipment component behavior is a plus

What to Expect Tesla is looking for an experienced Mobile Glass Technician to work on one of the most progressive vehicle brands in the world. This position requires a significant amount of customer interaction, so the ideal candidate will not only possess the technical acumen, but also the ability to provide a strong level of customer service. The role will require daily travel within the region directed by Mobile Glass Dispatch team. If you are interested in becoming a part of a world-class service team supporting the latest EV technology, we are interested in hearing from you. More details about the job are listed below: What You’ll Do Operate a variety of hand, power, and shop tools as required to service automotive glass components Perform repairs and replacements of vehicle glass components Partner with experienced technicians on the inspection, repair, and service of Tesla electric vehicles, as needed When applicable, ensure vehicle Driver’s Assistance System is operating as intended with utilization of computer/calibration software Perform equipment inspections, adjustments and certifications Maintain records of time, expenses and materials Perform other related duties as assigned Help maintain cleanliness of vehicles Effectively handle multiple priorities, organize workload, and meet deadlines Safely operate company vehicle Communicate professionally with customers and other stakeholders Daily regional travel What You’ll Bring Knowledge and training on removing and installing glass, primarily windshields. Trade school training/ ASE’s a plus Excellent oral and written communication skills as well as the ability to follow written instructions, with attention to detail Ability to establish and maintain cooperative working relationships with those contacted in the course of work, including the public and multiple internal stakeholders Ability to quickly learn and adapt to new systems, processes, and a dynamic work environment Must be comfortable with daily regional travel and operating a large service vehicle Must display a sense of urgency when responding to customer Roadside Assistance needs Excellent customer service and problem-solving abilities Employee Benefits Full benefits from day 1 for you and your eligible dependents Medical plan options for Kaiser, Aetna PPO and HSA (including infertility and transgender coverage) 2 medical plan choices with $0 paycheck contribution Vision & dental plans (including orthodontic coverage) Healthcare and Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts Company Paid HSA Contribution when enrolled in the High Deductible Medical Plan with HSA Company paid Life, AD&D, short-term and long-term disability 401(k) match, Employee Stock Purchase Plans, and other financial benefits Employee Assistance Program, Sick and Vacation time (Flex Time for salary positions), and Paid Holidays Back-up childcare and employee discounts Voluntary plans such as critical illness, hospital indemnity, accident insurance, and pet insurance Voluntary Identity Theft and Legal Services plans Adoption and surrogacy benefits

What to Expect Tesla Motors is looking for an experienced program and people supervisor to lead our logistics activities associated with large scale, fast paced manufacturing and sales activities. The logistics supervisor will program manage logistics requirements to support finished vehicle distribution. In addition to logistics execution, there are facilities and carrier management responsibilities. Candidate must have proven track record of successfully working cross-functionally with multiple departments related to manufacturing and retail. What You’ll Do Manage logistics execution and support finished vehicles operations.  This includes: Define strategies, suppliers and flows. Identify existing systematic gaps and drive processes to close. Drive site specific requirements at ports, rail yards, etc. to support the most efficient logistics operations possible. Define and develop finished vehicle logistics solutions that optimize speed, cost and quality. Define as well as drive development and implementation of needed processes and systems to enable improved integration of the Tesla’s worldwide logistics management structure. Manage a team of logistics analysts and yard compliance team members. Manage global finished vehicle logistics operations. Work with Internal Customers to optimize and meet requirements Sales, Delivery, Fleet, Marketing, Engineering, Process improvement as relates to visibility, speed, cost, communication Participate in carrier management processes, such as selection, qualification, and performance evaluation. Implement specific customer requirements, such as internal reporting or customized transportation metrics. Design models for use in evaluating logistics programs or services. Collaborate with other departments to integrate logistics with business systems or processes Analyze the financial impact of proposed logistics changes, such as vehicle routing, shipping modes, product volumes or mixes, or carriers. What You’ll Bring Minimum 5-7 years’ experience in operations and / or supply chain related functions. Bachelor’s degree in engineering, business, or logistics or relevant experience and/or evidence of exceptional ability Creative approach by thinking outside the box and fighting through challenges and adversity Hands-on team leadership skill in motivating and developing individuals and teams. Leadership with complex, cross functional, global projects including setting scope, reaching consensus, leading execution and driving results. Mentoring skills and the ability to accept and delegate responsibilities. Strong organizational skill with the ability to manage both strategic and tactical responsibilities. Evidence of customer-focused, both internal and external, and result-oriented management style. A passionate and high energy leader, who possesses diplomacy and cooperative style necessary to positively influence others. Extensive knowledge of operations management including previous experience working with complex procurement, production and logistics and a thorough understanding of best practices. Handle technical details relating to international transportation, such as customs regulations and any necessary documentation. Experience with MS Office Applications, including knowledge of Excel, Access, and PowerPoint. Ability to write, speak and present effectively and persuasively at all levels. Excellent analytical and problem solving skills in developing, implementing, and assessing key metrics and process indicators for effective team and materials program management. Capable of effectively building, leading, developing and motivating a team. Strong critical thinking and resolution in ambiguous situations. Self-driven initiative to gain and share a broader knowledge of supply chain and operations.

What to Expect Tesla’s Autonomy Telemetry team is charged with collecting and processing all the data that fuels the development of Autopilot and our Humanoid robot. Every car on the road includes a sophisticated sensor suite and internet connectivity, and so will our robot. This allows us to gather data from our fleet of millions of vehicles around the world to feed the training of our Neural Networks, providing Tesla with a significant competitive advantage in the race to full autonomy. The Telemetry team is responsible for the full lifecycle of this data: from specifying interesting events for data collection, to efficiently recording as much relevant data as possible on our embedded autopilot computer, to processing the data in the cloud.  What You’ll Do Build new frameworks and applications for collecting data on our embedded Linux platform. Improve monitoring and metrics throughout our entire software stack. Increase scalability of our data collection as Autopilot’s data needs continue to grow. Bring up telemetry for new types of sensors and vehicle platforms. Work closely with all consumers of our data, including computer vision/AI, neural network training infrastructure, and data labeling teams. Contribute to other parts of the Autopilot software stack, including driving and control algorithms. What You’ll Bring Experience programming C/C++ software, including modern C/C++ (C++11/14/17/20) and multithreading Strong Linux fundamentals (embedded environments, preferred)  Experience with efficient networking and disk I/O Excellent problem solving, critical thinking, and communication skills Contributions to involvement with open source projects is a plus  Experience with RTOS or bare-metal embedded development is a plus 

What to Expect The Quality Fit tech will join an exceptional cross-functional team of technicians that perform body fits on Final Line to Complete Vehicle Inspection Standards (CVIS) specifications and deviations. This position will be located at our growing facility in Fremont, California. Under direct supervision, the Quality Fit Tech will perform routine duties within the manufacturing operations are What You’ll Do  Understands and ensures adherence to required safety procedures and processes.  Evaluate the process design and tooling improvements – comfortable in suggesting and implementing new ideas that improve quality, reduce cost, support production work environment.  Willingness to operate in a dynamic environment and team structure.  Can perform body fits on Final Line to CVIS spec/deviations  Understands the basic methods of body fits  Able to understand CVIS deviations  Physical work including but not limited to pushing, pulling, gripping, twisting, reaching, etc.  Ability to follow a required specific sequence of steps in a process repetitively for an extended period of time  Flexibility to work overtime and weekends as neede What You’ll Bring Requirements  Minimum High school diploma or equivalent experience  Maintain a safe and 5s work area at all times  Certified workstation trainer for new fitters to become level 1 fit techs.  Knowledge of Body in White fitting methods.  Leads by example when it comes to completing repairs safely with high quality  Understands the concept “root cause analysis” for defect improvements. Uses problem solving to understand what the issue is and to come up with solutions to help eliminate or reduce the cause  Able to perform repairs on-line/offline with minimal supervision and can be counted on to complete the task given Preferred Skills  Can Diagnose issues and make recommendations to engineers for possible repair methods.  Knows and understands all BIW fit related fasteners, is able to repair and replace all fasteners.  Helps drive the team to meet body fit IPV goals, can be counted on in most situations.  Able to determine if most defects are BIW related or not.  Can be counted on to use job knowledge to make good judgment calls when doing repairs. Understands when to ask for help and who to ask when needed.  Understands root cause analysis for defects on the cars. Able to participate in tracking down problem areas and identifying causes of defects. Helps to come up with and implement short term and long term countermeasures to eliminate issues.

The Role: Tesla is a fast moving, dynamic environment where flexibility and adaptability are key attributes needed for success. The successful candidate will be a self-starter; motivated and action oriented. The Manager of the Electrical Construction Project Management team will lead a team devoted to deliver organizational needs, working closely with cross-functional leadership teams to multiply their efforts. The ideal candidate for this role will have in-depth experience developing and leading large complex electrical construction projects and teams in fast paced work environments. This is an application for a senior leadership role, and our ideal candidate has considerable professional experience in the MEP construction project management environment, including fast-paced leadership roles. Responsibilities: Seek out and identify processes that can be profitably improved and optimized Support day-to-day operations and be hands-on in problem solving, equipment troubleshooting, process development, and issue resolution Maintain a culture that prioritizes safety and quality through communication, action, and accountability Inspire and motivate your team to perform at their best day in and day out. Champion an industry leading culture Manage project scope, schedule, cost, and resources to ensure goals are achieved consistently on time during construction  Requirements: B.S. in an Engineering or Project Management field highly preferred OR evidence of exceptional abilities Understanding of local standards and AHJ's highly preferred Experience with process improvement methodologies Experience with MEP projects, installation of substations, medium voltage and low voltage, switchboard, panels board Experience and understanding of building and manufacturing design and construction. Industrial / Facility experience a big plus Ability to apply first principals thinking to your problem-solving approach Ability to work well under pressure, manage competing demands and meet tight deadlines

What to Expect Accurate Dangerous Goods paperwork is the foundation to a safe and efficient supply chain of material movement. Tesla is seeking highly motivated and organized DG/MTT shipping clerks to help us ensure DOT compliance for all materials moving in or out of Gigafactory NY site.  What You’ll Do  Pick/pull/pack parts needed for Production and Engineering areas. Perform cycle counts or audits as needed. Work closely with Material Planning, Inventory Control, Engineering, and Quality Control teams. Ensure accuracy and timeliness of assigned tasks. Support Warehouse Team best practices at all times. Cost issue and transact materials into and out of inventory systems as needed. Identify discrepant materials/components both in writing and verbally to supervisor. Complete tasks as directed by warehouse schedules and within standard times. Maintain a clean and orderly work area. Ability to multi-task and coordinate tasks across multiple departments. Physical work including but not limited to pushing, pulling, gripping, twisting, reaching, etc. Ability to follow a required specific sequence of steps in a process repetitively for an extended period of time. Demonstrated ability to perform standardized work process and defined work instructions. Evaluates the shipping processes and equipment to look for continuous improvement opportunities. What You’ll Bring  DG Certification strongly preferred. If not already DG Certified, ability to attend and successfully complete DG certification course (Tesla provided). Computer skills are strongly preferred (use of Word, Excel, and Outlook programs). Must have a strong command of the English language, both written and verbal. Must be reliable, have good initiative, be committed, and be quality focused. Ability to lift 30-100 lbs. on a daily basis. Ability to work with a team and in a fast-paced environment. Must be able to consistently generate accurate and DOT compliant shipping paperwork. Ability to read and understand manufacturing instructions and standard operating procedures. Must be reliable, have good initiative, committed, and quality focused. Ability to perform repetitious duties while standing for long periods of time. Must have the ability to work quickly while maintaining a high level of craftsmanship and attention to detail. Current forklift certification strongly preferred and/or the ability to become Tesla Fork-lift certified. Previous parts and Material handling experience preferred (3+ years) with Fed-X, DHL, 3PL , etc.

What to Expect As Construction Estimator at Tesla, you will be playing a critical role in company critical projects at Tesla facilities in Fremont, CA. You will understand cost drivers at the fundamental level while facilitating value engineering efforts cross functionally, enabling Tesla to rapidly scale our manufacturing facilities at Ludacris speed What You’ll Do Understand, develop, compile and present high-level cost estimates for multiple projects Develop detailed cost estimates as designs develop, communicating with various stakeholders on cost drivers Create what-if scenario estimates for program strategy and decision making Recommend various construction/design solutions that are cost effective Support the construction & procurement team in the buy-out of projects, ensuring Tesla is getting best value for money Develop long term strategy on estimation methodology, tool, and systems for CAPEX projects Use efficient and aesthetic communication methods to escalate risks and communicate opportunities Employ a can-do attitude, ensuring all stakeholders are engaged and aligned to the program goals What You’ll Bring Bachelor’s Degree in Construction Management or Engineering Degree or equivalent relevant experience 5+ years of experience on large commercial or industrial construction projects, 3+ years of estimation experience required (All trades preferred) Experience in estimation with Civil, Structural, Architectural, Mechanical, Electrical and life safety systems Experience in value engineering and cost modeling with fast turnaround results Excellent written and verbal communication presentation skills are a must Knowledge of how things are built at the fundamental level, experience with construction management preferred Willingness to get your hands dirty to understand the projects you are supporting Ability to work within a high-performance, cross-functional organization with extremely tight timelines, aggressive goals and demanding work environment. Have an inquisitive and open attitude to exploring new ideas and willingness to continuously learn Capacity to work long hours on demanding projects in high stress environments

What to Expect Tesla’s Supplier Industrialization and Supplier Quality team are responsible for critical component development, quality management, continuous improvement, and qualification activities at suppliers. The job requires effective communication at all levels both with internal and external teams, conducting failure analysis, leading statistical process control activities for critical components, limited travel to in-region suppliers, and on-the-spot critical decision making. The goal: developing suppliers by teaching best practices for manufacturing, quality, and engineering, delivering on time quantities of high-quality component parts into Tesla’s production processes to enable extremely rapid development cycles and product launches, driving lean manufacturing principals to reduce waste and improve quality. What You’ll Do   Drive improvements utilizing Lean methodologies, Statistical Process Control, supplier scorecards, ensuring supplier compliance, whilst driving systematic problem solving and process improvement plans to deliver valueBased on performance and business needs, set priorities for suppliersDevelop positive relationships and work closely with Supply Chain Team to manage, implement, and track supplier/engineering, design changes, capacity studies and New Product Introductions, and transfersDeliver results as measured by key metrics, such as supplier OEE (Overall Equipment Effectiveness), OTD (On Time Delivery), DPPM (defective parts per million), SCAR (Supplier Corrective Action Request), and VA/VE (Value Added / Value Engineered) improvementsProvide leadership during investigations of major problems and or special projects focusing on developing working relationships with suppliers and the supply chain about product development and procurement of partsPlan, organize, direct, and report all activities and matters relating to supplier performance.  Assess supplier qualifications including training and certificationsKeep up with current and developing manufacturing and engineering trends that concern product qualityPerform root cause analysis, coordinate, and conduct specialized testing and measurement, and resolve problemsSelf-starter, seeks opportunities to improve processes, part quality, and overall efficiencyIdentifies trends and priorities by organizing and graphing/charting dataApplies project management and/or systems engineering tools to complete complex tasks What You’ll BringMinimum 3 years’ experience in Design Engineering, Quality, Manufacturing, or program managementProven experience in developing suppliers or launching products  Knowledge of quality and business systemsUnderstanding and interpretation of engineering drawingsUnderstanding manufacturing, material flow, process change, and quality processesAbility to work in an international culturally diverse, fast paced, and dynamic environmentStrong problem-solving and data analytics skillsAbility to develop and execute objectives for self and others and the ability to effect short-term and some long-term business goalsStrong sense for customer service and high attention to detailDirect experience collaborating with engineering and/or manufacturing operationsDirect experience participating and leading Lean Manufacturing events, and continuous improvement activitiesEngages interest and participation of others and has a collaborative approach to working togetherAbility to work on own initiative and knows when to seek guidanceBachelor’s degree in engineering, physics, chemistry, mathematics, or economicsAbility to travel up to 30%, possibly on short notice.

What to Expect The ideal candidate has experience in managing facilities operations, as well as a background in design, engineering, commissioning, and operation of HVAC Systems. Responsible for ensuring the performance of HVAC equipment through the facility by driving the execution and quality of projects to maintain the system working as intended. Strong knowledge of mechanical, electrical, plumbing and process systems operation and maintenance is required. What You’ll Do Operational engineering support to become the system expert for mechanical systems at the facility. The mechanical systems and equipment can include chillers, cooling towers, supply distribution piping and pumps, air compressors and dryers, air-handlers, make-up air units, VFDs, boilers, exhaust fans, heat exchangers, tanks, process cooling water systems, etc. Project Manager or Project engineer for upgrade projects Facility systems capacity planning, including the creation of system capacity and loading spreadsheets. Verifying that N+1 redundancy is maintained for critical systems Perform audits and studies of existing systems to determine upgrades. Assist with condition assessments of existing mechanical systems Develop project justification packages for existing and new mechanical systems. Should be able to justify new systems or equipment using ROI, total cost of ownership, reliability, performance, and energy efficiency calculations along with schedule impacts Work closely with the Maintenance and Operations team, troubleshooting and investigation when needed. Provide them with engineering support as needed to resolve equipment or systems operational issues. Create & modify maintenance and standard operating procedures (SOPs) Develop projects based on operational need and/or energy & cost conservation Train facilities personnel on new system and proper operations Work closely with the Design team as required to provide facilities planning and support for retrofits or expansions of manufacturing areas. Good communicator (verbal and written) who can maintain a friendly and open disposition while working with other teams. Good at multitasking and to keeping project data organized and up to date Enforce safely and environmental health procedures.  What You’ll Bring BS in Mechanical Engineering 4+ years of experience in a Facilities Operations Knowledge of mechanical engineering principles and systems including chillers, cooling towers, supply distribution piping and pumps, air compressors and dryers, air-handlers, make-up air units, VFDs, boilers, exhaust fans, heat exchangers, tanks, process cooling water systems. Vibration analysis and heat transfer knowledge is a benefit. Strong troubleshooting background and issue resolution Strong data and system analysis Strong teamwork and communication skills Intermediate project management skills Proven ability to work in a large, complex environment where you must adapt to meet company needs

What to Expect We are looking for a highly skilled and motivated Global Supply Manager to support our development teams and contract manufacturing partners in the sourcing of Direct Supply Chain components and parts.  These could include specific parts related to one of our four automobiles (Model S, Model X Model 3¸ and/or Model Y), Tesla Energy, Batteries and/or any other components intrinsic to the successful running of the organization. This role will report to our Supply Chain Group Manager and in parallel be an active sourcing resource supporting our various Engineering groups within Tesla. What You’ll DoOwner of RFQ's - ensuring all commercial terms are agreed and documented. Ensures Non-Disclosure Agreements, General Terms & Conditions, Piece Price Agreements, and other related contracts are negotiated and appropriately before business is initiated.Drive piece price and tooling negotiation process to ensure that Tesla’s commodity pricing met Best-In-Class expectations, while meeting Supplier Industrialization standards of Best-In-Class quality, in addition to driving continual cost reduction and avoidance initiatives through ad-hoc price negotiations.Address all areas of category management including category business plans, market conditions, technology roadmaps, cost modeling, and sourcing strategies. Monitor global industry trends, track technology roadmaps, and actively partner with the Design teams to identify/mitigate supply and demand challenges.Manage respective supplier relationships and performance, including but not limited to dispute resolution, supplier scorecards, and periodic business reviews.Participate in design reviews, change control meetings, and other technical discussions with Engineering partnersParticipate in Design for Manufacturability reviews with Engineering partners and prospective suppliers, and drive decisions from a cost perspectiveAbility to understand technical drawings and specifications as well as basic knowledge of manufacturing process controls and quality assurance for their commodity spaceComfortable communicating with technical stakeholders both internally and externally Lead cross-functional teams to manage project timelines including developing and maintaining action trackers, Gantt charts, and other program management tools related to on-time delivery of supplier parts against Program timingCommunicate key supply, cost, and/or quality issues with management teams.  Develop corrective action plans to mitigate identified risks.Ability to build and maintain relationships with cross-functional teams and influence timely decisions with key stakeholders to support our mission What You’ll Bring5+ years of experience in supply chain management, or commodity management associated to metal stamping.Technical & commercial understanding of tooling and manufacturing processes on metal forming.Experience with mechanical engineering concepts related to the commodity and ability to generate bottom-up should costs based on the understanding of manufacturing process.Proficient knowledge of technical requirements & design of the product and be able to influence cross functional partners with detailed analysis that supports optimized pricing and product sourcing decisions.Excellent negotiator Ability to travel up to 25% of the timeAnalytical with ability to build out Should-Cost models and cost forecastsExperience with mechanical and/or electrical engineering concepts related to the commodity and ability to generate bottom-up should costs based on the understanding of manufacturing processBachelor’s degree in Business, Supply Chain, Operations Management, Engineering or Chemistry and/or equivalent experience or evidence of exceptional ability.  Master’s degree in related areas, a plus.

What to Expect The Quality Inspector evaluates finished metal bodies on and off of a moving production line in a high-speed environment. Inspectors determine the disposition of active production parts to ensure Tesla standards are being met. Inspectors must be prepared to escalate concerns to the appropriate party and always promote a culture of quality. The purpose of the Quality Inspector is to minimize the amount of defective parts that are sent to downstream departments and assist multiple teams in maintaining and improving overall part quality, yielding beneficial results and higher efficiency for Tesla. What You’ll Do Responsibilities Evaluate parts at the start, middle and end of production runs. Guide production teams to properly disposition parts as good for use, needs repair, or scrap. Document & Communicate any identified defects. Escalate concerns that are not being properly resolved in your immediate work area. Comprehend current production quality standards and determine if ongoing production meets those standards. Communicate emerging and trending quality issues to prevent negative impact to the factory. Construct and maintain strong relationships with members of all nearby teams. Perform Ultrasonic tests on spot welds to validate production lines and confirm ongoing changes. What You’ll Bring Preferred Skills Ability to visually detect defects in a fast paced environment. Ability to physically feel defects in sheet metal. Ability to identify and differentiate between several defect types. Ability to determine severity of a defect and the required response. Ability to perform detailed daily record keeping and reporting of quality issues that will be referenced by technicians, engineers and management. Ability to determine potential countermeasure solutions against failed inspections. Ability to communicate new defect information to team leadership and counterparts. Ability to help establish first line of defense for immediate containment activities. Ability to build solid relationships with several teams in multiple departments. Ability to be personable and effective in verbal and written communication. Ability to apply critical thinking skillset to engage and troubleshoot new quality issues. Ability to leverage general automotive surfacing knowledge. Requirements 2+ years of experience in an automotive production or manufacturing quality assurance environment. Organized & proactive mindset. Ability to lift and walk with objects up to 30 pounds in weight. Work in a team-based environment and achieve common goals. Experience in a fast-paced work environment requiring critical analysis is a plus. Experience with measurement and inspection tools is a plus. (Calipers, Torque Wrenches, Metal Stones, Measuring Tape, etc.) Experience with aluminum and/or steel defect remanufacturing is a plus. Experience with training peers or co-workers is a plus. Experience with Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook) is a plus. Technology mindset.

What to Expect Full time position as a Technical Writer and Quality Specialist for the Passive Safety Test Team.  You will be part of a global engineering team to help ensure Tesla vehicles are among the safest on the road.  Our team is responsible for running component, assembly, and full-vehicle destructive testing, required for vehicle development, global regulatory certification, and consumer protection test ratings.  This position is responsible for working with subject matter experts to develop technical test procedures, calibration reports, and test reports.  The successful candidate for this position should have a background in technical writing and/or quality assurance.  Youtube Videos describing team:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9KR2N_Q8ep8 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IoNe7QMumaM https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Y0PUqFhBWE CNET Reporter Visit: https://www.cnet.com/roadshow/news/tesla-crash-test-lab-exclusive/  “Sometimes people think it is performance, but safety is always the primary design requirement for a Tesla” – Elon Musk What You’ll Do Work with subject matter experts to develop technical test procedures for internal crash, sled, component, and anthropomorphic test device (or crash test dummy) test labs. Audit and assist with authoring test reports necessary for meeting internal standards and regulatory requirements Audit equipment calibration documentation to ensure quality standards are met and reports are being completed in a timely manner Work closely with cross-functional teams to triage workload and priorities while keeping track of upcoming delivery dates.  Anticipate downstream issues that were not considered by others. Ensure content is accurate.  Validate information accuracy, peer review others’ content. Strategize with subject matter experts and engineering technicians and implement process improvements in a wide variety of test procedures Manage tasks and information flow using collaboration software (such as JIRA, OneDrive, SharePoint, Confluence, etc.) What You’ll Bring Technical writing experience, preferably working in a laboratory environment Bachelor’s degree, certificate in Technical Writing, or equivalent professional experience Strong attention to detail, personal organization, collaboration, and time management skills. Ability to communicate effectively with team members (verbal and virtual) Ability to work in a fast-paced and challenging work environment with very tight deadlines. Ability to be creative and open-minded when approaching problems. Proven ability to work with minimal supervision. Proven professional attitude toward work assignments, team members, and end users. Positive attitude toward change and late-stage project scope updates (which often times are constantly changing until the last second). Provide high quality writing samples and/or take a writing test. Automotive repair experience; mechanical aptitude with hand tools Passion for technology and automotive industries, and the desire to work in a field that makes our roads safer

What to Expect Tesla is seeking a skilled and highly motivated CNC Programmer/Machinist to facilitate Powertrain Engineering Team with product teardown for failure analysis.  Through your efforts, you will enhance design from conceptualization thru product validation, while shortening the design/build/test process. Join a fast paced and world class team that works on the most advanced battery and energy products.  What You’ll Do Program and setup 3-axis CNC Mills (Haas) Program and setup Water Jet (Flow) Work closely with engineering teams to provide crucial input on design for manufacturability Open communication with engineers, management, and other team members  Design fixtures and tooling to setup complex machining operations for experimental parts Take on leadership role of shop operations and technicians.  What You’ll Bring 5+ years of multi axis programming Understand of speeds and feeds, able to edit G & M code from CNC controller CAM programming with Solidworks/Mastercam preferred  Proficiency in high speed machining and tool path optimization Ability to program and machine complex and high tolerance components Experience cutting a wide range of materials Aluminum, Plastics, Titanium, Copper, Brass, SST, 303, 304, 316, 440, 416, 1018, Tool steel Thrive in a fast paced, constantly changing environment with tight deadlines Flexible with ability to work long hours when needed Positive energy and attitude Works well in a dynamic team environment with minimal supervision Meticulous attention to detail Excellent communication skills Well organized  Microsoft Office, Word, and Excel experience Desired Skills Solidworks proficiency Mill-Turn experience Esprit programming Large format CNC machining Machine maintenance knowledge Able to use manual machines such as mills, lathes, grinders

What to Expect The Role Our Tesla Service Technicians are members of the largest technician team on the planet, working together in pursuit of our mission to accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy. Joining Tesla, means being a part of a team of the most talented Technicians and Engineers on the planet, working on cutting edge automotive technology and on the most advanced cars in production today. Our Technicians are the heart of every service location and we rely on their expertise in process improvement and in the delivery of the best service and products to our customers. We want you to elevate your professional growth through a combination of programs and on the job training, accelerating your career and unlocking your potential. With a global presence, we want to support your growth and career wherever life may take you. Our expectation is that you bring your full self to work each day, deliver high quality product, provide exceptional customer service, and help support our mission. What You’ll Do Responsibilities  Execute basic and advanced diagnostic and repair work on all aspects of Tesla product line  Work independently and as a team to drive maximum repair efficiency  Provide feedback to Tesla design and engineering teams directly to enable continuous improvement of repair procedures and products.  Participate with a collaborative, inclusive, and respectful attitude in an ever-changing dynamic environment.  Enjoy your company supplied laptop to support diagnostics and provide online training opportunities  Operate a variety of top-of-the-line hand, power and shop tools  Consistently and concisely detail and document repairs  Inspect and maintain shop equipment and request replacement as required  Partner with other teams to ensure delivery of an exceptional product by cleaning and detailing vehicles, as needed  Assist with onboarding and training of new technicians to help upskill the team What You’ll Bring Requirements  High School Diploma or Associate Degree/Certificate, or work experience in a related technology space (aeronautics, engines, electrical, ships, etc.)  Automotive Service Technicians License, or desire to become Technician Apprentice through provincial schooling (Canada only)  Demonstrated ability to learn new technologies and processes, and adapt to change  Ability to innovate, solve complex issues, and present new ideas  Ability to follow oral and written instructions with attention to detail  Proven ability to effectively handle multiple priorities, organize workload, and meet deadlines  Section 609 Refrigerant handling certification preferred  Experience working in a team-based environment and achieving common goals  Evidence of a "safety first" attitude  Basic command of the English or French (Canada Only) language  Must be at least 18 years of age  Basic computer skills, including navigating web browsers and standard applications like Excel and Word.  Valid driver’s license in the country (State for US) in which you are applying with a clean driving history

What to Expect The Prototype Engineering Team under the New Programs Engineering group, works at the front end of the design and development cycle by designing, engineering and building, bucks, mules, demonstrators, and other prototype vehicles that serve as platforms to test new engineering concepts. Prototype Engineers interact with many cross-functional partners from the Design, Vehicle Engineering, and Powertrain Engineering teams in order to maximize learnings from prototyping activities. This is a mechanical design engineering position where product design expertise and fundamental first principles approach to problem solving are far more important than extensive automotive industry specific experience. What You’ll Do  Mechanical Design Engineering – Support vehicle engineers, mechatronic engineering technicians and prototype fabricators in defining prototype manufacturing strategies and key design criteria that outputs highly effective and manufacturable parts that solve complex mechanical challenges. Concept Development – Brainstorm and collaborate with engineers, designers, and users in creating new solutions for automotive applications. Develop the designs using CAD and FEA and build your designs to prove them out and refine them over time. Prototyping – Rapidly design and manufacture one off prototypes and integrated vehicles from the ground up on tight time frames with a talented group of mechanical, electrical, and firmware engineers. Own vehicle subsystems for prototype and mule builds from napkin sketch through to integrated 3D design, then build the system into a vehicle and test its functions.  What You’ll Bring A Bachelor of Science Degree in Mechanical or Manufacturing Engineering, Master’s degree preferred A minimum of 2 years of experience in a product development environment Hands on experience in designing and building electro-mechanical systems Understanding and proficiency of Geometrical Dimensioning and Tolerancing (GD&T) Capability to parametrically use 3D CAD software, an understanding of engineering fundamentals, and capability to run FEA Effectively handle multiple priorities, organize workloads, and meet tight delivery timelines 

What to Expect  Tesla is seeking an experienced Machine Vision System Engineer to apply their experience in Machine Vision Inspection Systems to cutting-edge manufacturing equipment and high-speed manufacturing processes. This is an exciting opportunity to contribute to Tesla’s cutting-edge battery cell manufacturing line and to apply innovative automation solutions to equipment for manufacturing of Tesla batteries. This role will invent, develop, scale up and optimize Machine Vision Inspection Systems and methods for battery manufacturing within a cross-functional engineering team. In this role, you will work closely with many organizations both internal and external to Tesla, taking new battery designs from initial concept through into full production.  The battery cell is a critical component in Tesla vehicles and storage systems. This role will have the opportunity to make meaningful contributions to our products. The work environment is demanding, fast-paced and incredibly exciting. The ideal candidate should be ready to push their limits, as they join a highly motivated and capable team to make unbelievable things a reality. What You’ll DoWork as key link between cross functional teams to develop requirements and provide solutions for inline vision inspection systemsDrive ramp of exciting new products by characterizing baseline vision performance and capability and improve performance as measured by product quality and tool availabilityEnsure manufacturing lines meet uptime, availability, and reliability metrics – OEE, cycle time and quality, have the sense of urgency on resolution of production issuesDevelop best practices to improve vision system reliability (e.g., process discipline, recipe version control, hard drive backup)Vision software and algorithm development and data analysis using programming languages such as C++, C#, Python or HALCONCommissioning and calibrating vision systemsCommissioning PLC and MES system integrationOrganize cross-functional design reviews and highlight body of workCollaboration with downstream and upstream process teams on vision system validation, data correlation and analysisBuild request for quotation and manage vendor proposalsProvide direction and mentorship to third party vendors and Tesla Internal machine building teams What You’ll Bring  BS, MS, or PhD in physics, mechanical, electrical, computer science or another engineering discipline, with 2 to 5 years of Machine Vision Systems.  experience in automation equipmentStrong understanding of engineering fundamentals and ability to apply them towards manufacturing process developmentKnowledge in selection of cameras, lenses, optics, lighting, and other hardware for image capture and processingKnowledge of camera calibration (e.g., pinhole camera model, lens distortion, Intrinsic and Extrinsic Camera Parameters, multi-camera geometry, MTF of imaging system)Experience of image processing (e.g., image enhancement, thresholding, morphology, feature extraction, classification)Familiarity with optical benches and capability of building testbed for component testing or proof-of-conceptStrong analytical, mathematical, and statistical background and ability to understand and explain theory behind vision system algorithmsExperience in high volume manufacturing is highly desiredExperience in other optical metrology sensors (e.g., chromatic confocal, laser triangulation, UV/IR imaging) is highly desiredExperience with linescan cameras is a highly desiredAbility to travel  

What to Expect A great Recruiter stands apart by excelling at talent identification, attraction and assessment, and by developing deep partnerships with the business and within HR. Tesla is looking for an extraordinary high-volume recruiter that stands out by doing all of the above combined with a strong business acumen, a passion for their craft, and a genuine commitment for providing an unforgettable candidate experience. You'll work onsite at the Gigafactory in Austin, TX to recruit for Production Associates, Material Handlers, and other Skilled Trade roles for our manufacturing facility in Austin, TX. You’ll thrive at Tesla by striking the right balance between flexibility and efficiency, project management and influencing. One hire at a time, we are finding the talent responsible for changing the world of energy and transportation and moving us forward to a more sustainable future. When you’re doing something nobody has ever done before, the old ways can frequently come up short. At Tesla, you’ll get the opportunity to be creative, to try, to fail, to learn and to succeed. You will have an appetite for risk, for taking that big bet, because that’s how we leap ahead together. What You’ll Do Partnering with business leaders and hiring managers to assess their talent requirements and advising on the best hiring strategy Shepherding the time and resources at your disposal effectively and keeping your business partners up to speed on a regular basis  Using a variety of techniques to discover and attract the best passive talent  Conducting thorough behavioral based interviews and phone screens to assess both technical baseline as well as skills be successful in the Tesla environment  Focusing on providing a great candidate experience at every opportunity What You’ll Bring 2 years recruiting experience, ideally in a high-volume, fast-paced setting A combination of agency and corporate/executive search experience is preferred  Demonstrated track record of excellence in sourcing and assessing top talent  Proven relationship management experience with hiring teams and business partners, helping them navigate the sources of talent and assisting them with assessment  A genuine interest in technology as shown by continuous learning throughout your career  Skilled in offer negotiation, awareness of pertinent employment legislation and employment market trends  Excellent written and spoken communication skills

The Role: We are looking for a talented and highly motivated individual to join the General Assembly Team for Model Y build.  You will be the subject matter expert equipment issues encompassing electrical/PLC, robotics, mechanical, welding, machining, hydraulics/pneumatics, conveyor systems, etc.  You will be proactive in improvement projects, multitasking, and refocusing to meet constantly shifting demands in a fast-paced environment.  You will demonstrate leadership to drive the completion of cross-functional collaboration projects on or ahead of schedule. Responsibilities:  Diagnoses equipment failures, finds root cause, and communicates actions taken to the rest of the team. Become Expert Level Trainer on all machines in assigned area and be responsible for the level of knowledge of Shift technicians. Takes initiative to create, implement and improve PM documents and schedules, under the direction of the Maintenance Supervisor. Day to day coverage of production line equipment: respond to alarms, breakdowns, and Production requests quickly and efficiently to minimize downtime. Perform major equipment repairs and rebuilds, (some weekends and holidays required). Participate in spare part analysis and inventory development, cost reduction and improvement  Work with Process, Controls, and Equipment engineering and other cross functional groups to resolve maintenance issues, improve equipment reliability, review procedures, and minimize equipment downtime. Investigate and implement countermeasures to prevent repetitive breakdowns. Design and Implement Equipment Reliability Improvement Projects Develop business cases for improvement projects and equipment acquisitions. Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in electrical, mechatronics, or mechanical engineering, or equivalent experience. Proficiency in CATIA V5 or similar 3D CAD software (Solidworks, ProE, Unigraphics, etc). Experience commissioning and improving Equipment.  Have a demonstrated track record of Overall Equipment Effectiveness (OEE) improvement, Preventative and Predictive Maintenance activities. Able to read and interpret basic mechanical drawings and electrical schematics Good understanding of Computerized Maintenance Management System (CMMS), Safety, Change Point Management, Spare Parts Management Strong problem-solving skills and an aptitude for learning systems quickly.  Able to utilize structured problem-solving techniques such as DMAIC, Ishikawa, Five Why (5W) or Eight Disciplines (8D).  Able to resolve high level performance issues into addressable actions. Familiarity with industrial robots (Kuka, Fanuc, etc.) and controls systems (Siemens, Rockwell, etc.)

What to Expect We are looking to hire Electrical Engineers into our Hardware Testing team. As a test engineer, you will work with a passionate and multi-disciplinary group of engineers while learning how to leverage hardware, firmware, and software solutions to validate Tesla products to rigorous internal and automotive-industry standards. We are interested in diverse candidates with all levels of experience, but we will prioritize curious and driven engineers with strong problem solving, communication, and collaboration skills.   What You’ll Do Design, build, instrument, and automate test equipment for mechanical, thermal, and electrical systems.  Work together with Design Engineers, Reliability scientists, Material scientists, Quality, and Service to identify failure modes and generate design validation test plans.  Collaborate with test technicians to perform component, system, and vehicle validation by simulating realistic and/or accelerated dynamic usage and environmental conditions.  Investigate device failures to drive product development and test improvement.   Identify and execute DOEs targeting new technologies or critical failures.  Interface and simulate complex vehicular systems to validate firmware/hardware interactions.  Create novel ways to apply skills learned in the test lab to benefit the company and our products.  What You’ll Bring Bachelor's degree in Engineering  Basic working understanding of Analog and Digital Circuit Design, Linear Circuit Design, Power Electronics, Motor Drives  Experience with object-oriented coding language.  Comfort with CAD software.  Working experience with electrical test equipment, hand tools, power tools.  An appetite for technical problem solving. Preferred:  One or more of the following:  2+ years of experience with automotive component, system, or vehicle testing.  4+ years of experience with physical testing and analysis of mechanical, thermal, or electrical systems.  2+ years of any automation (manufacturing, robotics, testing, etc.)  One or more of the following:  Adept working understanding of Active Circuit Design, Energy Conversion, Power Electronics, Digital Circuits, Motor Drives.   Basic working understanding of Statics, Mechanics of Materials, Fluids, Heat Transfer, Measurement and Instrumentation, and Linear Circuits.  Experience with Python, MATLAB, NI, or other data acquisition and analysis software.  Adept working familiarity with object-oriented programming, database integration, and data visualization.  Experience creating and executing design validation plans and test methods to validate performance requirements.  Experience leading and driving technical projects to completion, especially when multiple teams’ input and buyoff are required.  Experience working with interdisciplinary teams, even where preexisting social networks have not existed.  Strong communicator and presenter of technical content, including to a wide array of technically knowledgeable audiences.  Comfort with balancing competing priorities and timelines, discussing prioritization and alignment of work with external teams and program management when resources are constrained. 

What to Expect Tesla seeks a talented, business-oriented professional who can autonomously manage all phases of new site development processes for all Tesla Charging products. The Project Developer finds the best places to host Tesla charging products. They manage site selection, contract negotiation with site hosts, utility and permitting feasibility studies, and ensuring efficient project hand-off to the Tesla installation team for construction and close-out. The Project Developer is fully responsible for ensuring current and future Tesla customers have the best experience at the most convenient charging stations. The responsibilities of this position may change over time. This role requires flexibility and adaptability to the evolving needs of Tesla’s programs, projects, and organization. What You’ll Do Develop and manage pipeline of potential new sites that will meet the market’s goals to serve current and future Tesla customers Build and maintain relationships with key internal and external deployment colleagues Develop, refine and manage comprehensive site due diligence Lead efforts to obtain all necessary approvals from utilities and permitting authorities Work with attorneys to draft, negotiate and execute site host agreements Work closely with installation colleagues to assess and manage installation costs and timeline What You’ll Bring Organization - Highly organized, able to simultaneously manage 20+ projects in various phases, without missing a beat Autonomy - Autonomous, high-motor approach to execution and achievement. Self-motivated and outspoken about what is needed to get a job done Business Model-oriented – must be able to understand site host needs and how Tesla charging integrates into meeting their business goals Excellent Communication - strategic listener, conscious conversationalist, and persuasive of people from a wide range of roles and backgrounds; Comfortable communicating with all types of stakeholders, including CEOs, facility managers, city planners, marketing managers, and utility planners Risk Management - Aggressive approach to reducing risk and getting ahead of problems before they impact project timelines Experience in contracts, real estate, utility planning, charging infrastructure, EV infrastructure policy, and local permitting preferred

What to Expect GFTX Casting Team is seeking an individual with a floor level approach to define, develop, and implement best practice standards for metal quality and delivery. This involves leading innovation in metal cleanliness using current technologies and testing and implementing concept technologies to improve quality while reducing the overall environmental footprint of the process. You will drive the integration between the Engineering Team and the Furnace Operators to achieve best practice in the Melt Shop for GFTX Castings.  What You’ll Do Develop and implement Tesla (GFTX) standards for metal quality from incoming raw material delivery through molten metal transfer to the casting machine. Control of dissolved gas in liquid metal Inclusions their removal Measurement and control of alkali and alkaline earth metals as required Develop, define and implement the methods, tools and systems to monitor, control and ensure that every casting produced has properties that meet or exceed the expectations and requirements of internal and external customers. Specify, qualify and validate raw materials used in the foundry. Lead failure analysis and root-cause investigations of defects and discontinuities related to casting materials and processes. Develop expert level training requirements for technicians and operators depending on the equipment and processes. Identify and lead the development quality and sustainability improvement projects. Identify cost reduction opportunities and realize them working with production team and Engineering team. Optimize and develop alloys working with cross functional teams Ensure the consistent provision of exceptional metal quality to the die casting machine and into each part.  What You’ll Bring BS in Materials Engineering or related engineering degree, MS in Materials Engineering preferred or equivalent experience. 3+ years of similar experience. Deep knowledge of the relationship between chemistry and processing on microstructure and mechanical properties. Knowledge of DFEMA and PFMEA (Design and Process Failure Mode and Effect Analysis). Formal education or relevant experience with metallurgical aspects of handling molten aluminum. Outstanding failure analysis, root causing and problem-solving skills. Experience creating & maintaining a positive atmosphere in a collaborative work team. Able to read and interpret mechanical drawings and electrical schematics. Experience with design value development, specification writing, supplier/part qualification. 

What to Expect Location: Bay area preferred Tesla’s Energy Operations Service team operates & maintains deployed assets including North American residential & commercial solar, global behind-the-meter & front-of-meter storage, and global electric vehicle charging infrastructure. The role will be expected to closely partner with the operations team to develop reporting tools & improve processes, engineering functions for technical root cause analysis, and lead cross-functional decision-making & implementation of large-scale change for how Tesla Energy operates & maintains its 10-30 year warranted assets.The Energy Service Transformation & Analytics team is embedded in daily operations, supporting both near-term execution and long-term planning. Team members are expected to partner closely with the business to analyze technical data, provide recommendations, and lead cross-functional decision-making and implementation of the recommendations.What You’ll Do Analyze and visualize service cases or tickets to enable easier tracking, systems change management, and reinforce ownership accountability  Define and implement Residential Field Force efficiency measures for end-to-end operations management: processing of inbound customer issues, scheduling & planning, and field execution  Develop reinforcing reporting mechanisms for 3rd party installers and their internal Tesla partners to ensure returns of equipment, such as residential storage Powerwalls  Build reporting and train global residential service field forces to use technician-level warehouse inventories such that they can complete first visit replacements  Measure daily inventory levels throughout supply chain and identify build plan and other gaps in spare part supplies  Maintain throughput targets for global remanufacturing teams, measure weekly progress, standardize processes between each team  Visualize design supersession matrices to enable faster part replacements if no like-for-like equipment available  Break down processes into discrete components for analysis and optimization  What You’ll Bring Evidence of exceptional ability, especially within an ambiguous environment  2-5 years of experience in analytics, program manager, or other structured training program  Bachelor's Degree in Business, Engineering preferred or and/commensurate experience  Demonstrated success driving tangible impact / influencing within a broader organization  Ability to quickly grasp technical concepts at a detailed level, and synthesize implications   Strong written and verbal communication skills, particularly with senior business leaders  Excellent analytical skills (e.g., Microsoft Office applications, SQL, Tableau, etc.)  Highly collaborative, team oriented, and comfortable leading cross-functional projects, especially those consisting of both technical and non-technical stakeholders 

What to Expect Tesla’s Supplier Industrialization team is responsible for critical component development and qualification activities at suppliers. The job involves communicating well with internal and external teams, traveling to suppliers in different regions, and on-the-spot critical decision making. The goal: delivering on time quantities of high quality component parts into Tesla’s production processes to enable extremely rapid development cycles and product launches. What You’ll Do Plan, organize, direct and conduct industrialization related activities within the supply chain team. Develop, Manage, Audit, Improve and Correct supplier planning and execution of component manufacturing and assembly techniques and quality control processes from the advanced development phase to mass production qualification Provide leadership for New Product Introduction (NPI) at Suppliers Lead supplier improvements in scalability, cost, and quality. Facilitate communication and clarification of technical requirements between Suppliers and Tesla Purchasing, Quality, and Design teams. Accountable for supplier audits to ensure their ability to meet part performance, delivery, and reliability expectations. Collaborate with Tesla Design, Quality, and Manufacturing to determine the ideal performance specifications and supplier metrics. Accountable for leading, tracking and improving supplier manufacturing process development and launch readiness for new products and design changes. Guide suppliers in developing exceptionally robust processes and procedures to promote efficient and seamless production of high quality products. Validate supplier corrective actions involving design and/or process changes to ensure they are robust, sustainable, and implemented for similar potential concerns across manufacturing lines and/or suppliers. Provide input on new or alternative materials for improved design, manufacturability, or cost reduction. What You’ll Bring BS Degree in Electrical / Mechanical / Industrial / Manufacturing Engineering or evidence of experience and exceptional ability. 5+ years of assembly plant experience supporting electric motor, geartrain, and/or rotating assembly oil and lubrication systems or similar in a Supplier Quality, Quality Engineering, or Manufacturing Engineering role. Experience in Quality Systems a plus: PPAP/APQP processes. In-depth knowledge of Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing (GD&T) and inspection. Possess demonstrable leadership abilities. Previous experience managing safety critical parts. Ability to communicate and direct supplier activities at the management level. Proven results in meeting customer requirements and expectations. Ability to define and execute a project using project management techniques. Ability to thrive in a fast paced, dynamic environment. Excellent team building skills in dealing with suppliers, peers and other functional areas. Strong technical writing ability and an ability to explain complex issues in a concise and plain manner. Must be familiar with SPC and data analysis. An average of 30 - 40% travel, possibly on short notice.

What to Expect The Energy Systems Support Engineer provides support for industrial battery energy storage products. This primarily involves, diagnosing and resolving equipment problems reported by Tesla’s customers and internal automated asset monitoring infrastructure. This is accomplished in connection with Tesla and 3rd party on-site field technicians. The role also involves the remote commissioning of new equipment deployed to our customers, along with supporting site and product level quality issues.   The Tesla Energy team is committed, and fast moving, consisting of applications engineers, power and control systems engineers, project engineers, product support engineers that sit at the center of business development, Tesla technology, the deployment and service of stationary storage projects on the grid. As a member of our team, you will help to shape the success of our projects in various applications worldwide.  You must have a genuine passion for engineering products that will fundamentally change the world’s energy infrastructure and must want to work in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment. What You’ll Do Investigate why an Industrial Battery System is not working as expected and establish the repair plan for the system. Troubleshoot complex communication problems among inverters, energy meters, battery controllers, and central SCADA devices, often using only command-line tools such as NMAP, traceroute Troubleshoot complex electrical/electronic and control system problems with battery systems across different applications such as microgrid and utility scale on-grid applications. Remotely update networking devices to resolve identified issues and restore operation to the system Remotely commission new Industrial Storage Systems for Tesla customers, including configuring them to customer’s specifications, updating the equipment’s software and firmware, and functionally testing the equipment. Review single line diagrams when troubleshooting Industrial Battery System site level issues Support customers and field technicians working with Tesla’s Industrial Battery Products using remote diagnostic tools and troubleshooting. Report reoccurring quality problems to the product engineering and manufacturing teams. Configure Tesla’s controller network settings as per customer’s requirements to enable communications with customer controller and any meters shared with customer. Maintain and update the content and structure of Tesla’s customer and equipment databases Develop a deep specialized knowledge of the proprietary tools developed by Tesla to monitor the Tesla fleet for issues Support continuous improvement of data processing techniques used by Tesla’s internal tools to evaluate performance and find malfunctions. What You’ll Bring The candidate will have, but is not limited to, the following skills and qualifications:  Enthusiasm for green technology.  Experience in a customer service environment.   Experience and proficiency with the Linux/UNIX programming environment.  Advanced knowledge of communication systems and protocols such as TCP/IP, including the tools available at the command line interface to troubleshoot network communication issues.Can interpret complex electrical single line diagrams.  Advanced skills with Microsoft Excel and/or professional statistical analysis software.  Understanding of a technical support environment and processes, including ability to document case histories clearly, accurately and with detail.  Ability to prioritize workflows effectively according to multiple criteria.  Experience with CRM systems, mobile case/ticketing systems, bug tracking systems.  Personal skills suitable for frequent direct contact with non-technical customers in technical troubleshooting scenarios.  A positive, friendly manner on the phone and in writing is essential, as well as patience and the ability to instruct and inform during troubleshooting.  Ability to independently make decisions and solve problems with limited direction.  Grasps basic concepts of electricity (AC/DC, current, voltage, resistance, power vs. energy etc.).  Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering or Computer Science or relevant industry experience.  Foreign language proficiency a plus.   The ideal candidate will have, but is not limited to, the following skills and qualifications:Advanced Linux/UNIX programming environment.  Advanced understanding of complex electrical single line diagrams.  Advanced understanding of electrical theory and experience / working knowledge with emphasis on DC power systems or other electronic systems/devices/components.  Advanced understanding of communication systems, protocols, and network architecture.  Master’s degree in Electrical Engineering or Computer Science

Tesla Advisor The Role The Tesla Advisor consistently delivers on an incredible educational, immersive, and exciting experience to all of our current and future customers as well as create a memorable experience for our customers on delivery day. They constitute Tesla’s front line and are our brand ambassadors, supporting our mission to accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy. As a Tesla Advisor, you will support customers from the moment they walk into our showrooms to learn about Tesla through to their delivery day experience. We’ve created one of the most innovative vehicles ever made, and you will help deliver an equally innovative buying and delivery experience. To succeed at Tesla, you must be energetic, highly organized, and hard working. You should have a passion for sustainable energy and the ability to create exceptional client experiences. While individual contributions will be recognized, teamwork is essential to achieve the highest level of success. We will reward team players who help others succeed and empower the team around them. We are hiring for part-time and full-time positions. Responsibilities Engage walk in guests promptly, personally and with the goal of opening the conversation and ensuring they feel welcome Excite, engage and educate prospective customers and current owners through calls, emails or text and outbound events to educate them about Tesla’s product offering and answering questions Help Tesla maintain a healthy sales pipeline by collecting customer contact information and scheduling and copiloting Test Drives for individuals who exhibit purchase intent or potential Actively contribute to the achievement of monthly sales and delivery targets by achieving and exceeding individual Sales and KPI targets Effectively present and sell and support the delivery and installation the entire Tesla eco-system Provide the highest level of customer service throughout the full sales and delivery cycle & installation process, as well as continued support throughout ownership Prepare, stage, and charge customer vehicles in advance of their scheduled delivery appointment Educate new owners by conducting a comprehensive vehicle orientation, tailored to the individual customer's needs and comfort level Execute customer documents on delivery day Demonstrate a mastery of all Tesla products and services. Keep up with EV industry trends and local incentives Conduct direct deliveries from Delivery Centers to customer homes Perform additional responsibilities as assigned to meet business needs  Requirements At least 1+ year of customer service and/or sales experience with proven track record to meet or exceed goals  Positive, enthusiastic and passionate about the changes in the personal transportation industry Ability to understand and convey business issues and technical concepts Strong sense of team mentality and reliability Great attention to detail with strong organization and communication skills  Proficient with Microsoft Office suite and CRM tools  Ability to work evening hours, weekends and holidays in a retail environment Ability to obtain appropriate state licensing, where applicable Must be at least 18 years of age and maintain a valid driver’s license and an acceptable and safe driving record Must be able to successfully pass a pre-employment background check Legal right to work in the United States Compensation Compensation is based on a variety of factors including but not limited to work experience, skills, certifications, etc. Part-Time Employee Benefits As a part-time Tesla employee, you will receive:   401(k) match  Employee Assistance Program, Sick and Vacation time, and Paid Holidays  Back-up childcare and employee discounts  Dependent Care Flexible Spending Account Full-time Employee Benefits As a full-time Tesla employee, you will receive:  Full benefits from day 1 for you and your eligible dependents  Medical plan options for Kaiser, Aetna PPO and HSA (including infertility and transgender coverage)  2 medical plans with $0 paycheck contribution  Vision & dental plans (including orthodontic coverage)  Healthcare and Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts  Company Paid HSA Contribution when enrolled in the High Deductible Medical Plan with HSA  Company paid Life, AD&D, short-term and long-term disability  401(k) match, Employee Stock Purchase Plans, and other financial benefits  Employee Assistance Program, Sick and Vacation time (Flex Time for salary positions), and Paid Holidays  Back-up childcare and employee discounts  Voluntary plans such as critical illness, hospital indemnity, accident insurance, and pet insurance  Voluntary Identity Theft and Legal Services plans  Adoption and surrogacy benefits

What to Expect We are seeking a full-time Account Manager in the Central Region for our Residential Channel sales team. As a sales leader, you’ll accelerate the sales growth of Powerwall & Powerwall+ with our existing B2B value added resellers focused on growing energy storage in the residential market space. In addition, you’ll also identify and onboard new contractors, particularly in underserved markets throughout the upper Midwest and Rocky Mountains. This is an exciting career opportunity in a fast-paced environment that requires wearing several hats. Experience managing B2B customer relationships in the field is a must. Besides a rock-solid work ethic and a strong team-oriented personality, leaders on our team display excellent communication skills (internal and external) creativity, passion, and a desire to break new ground in a constantly shifting landscape. The sales superstar that we’re looking for will work remotely and is based out of the central region close to a major airport. Travel is an important element of the role and will be required to grow and evolve the business relationships of our B2B clients.   What You’ll Do Support several B2B accounts that sell and install Powerwall & Powerwall+. Recruit and onboard new B2B accounts in markets that require additional sales & service coverage. Be in our partners offices working to add value to aggressively grow their Powerwall business Identify opportunities to drive additional volume of products. Work cross-functionally to bring new offers, new ideas, and new concepts to market. Work with management to set ambitious goals and targets – and meet them. Provide reliable forecasts and tracking for executive teams. What You’ll Bring Bachelors/Master’s Degree 5+ years relevant work experience in tech sales; solar and storage experience a plus Demonstrated track record of building pipeline and winning business Entrepreneurial mindset – proven ability to scale new products and services Experience building networks and relationships at all levels of an organization (internal & external) Excellent organization, communication, and documentation skills. Scrappy – proven capacity to solve complex problems with minimal resources. Deep passion for accelerating the world’s transition to sustainable energy.

What to Expect The Role The Operations Advisor creates and maintains operational efficiencies to drive productivity within the store. The Advisor role supports and empowers the Customer Experience, Tesla Advisors, and Management teams to possess and utilize the tools necessary to meet and exceed targets. You will proactively provide organization and support to maximize performance and productivity. To succeed at Tesla, you must be energetic, highly organized, and hard working. You should have a passion for sustainable energy and the ability to create exceptional client experiences. While individual contributions will be recognized, teamwork is essential to achieve the highest level of success. We will reward team players who help others succeed and empower the team around them. Responsibilities  Work closely with other employees to ensure smooth transitions for customers toward a successful delivery appointment  Demonstrate mastery of presenting, selling and delivering the entire Tesla eco-system.  Prepare customer loan and DMV documents prior to delivery appointment and confirm accuracy  Maximizing Tesla Scheduling Service calendar for drives and delivery  Maintaining store facilities: supplies ordering, work orders, vendor communication  Maintaining store fleet: coordinating service, allocation Management  Support training, new hire onboarding, organizing and/or executing validations  Compiling and running daily + weekly reports to analyze store performance and improve  Maintaining brand and EHS standards, cascading feedback or adjustments to local team  Monitoring and executing expenses  Keyholder responsibilities to include opening/closing of store conducting morning/evening huddles and recaps  Perform additional responsibilities as assigned to meet business need including Sales and Delivery What You’ll Do Requirements  At least 1 year of related experience  Proactive team member who is goal-oriented + highly motivated  Proven ability to develop collaborative relationships and act as a well-respected, trusted partner with whom others want to work  Great attention to detail with strong organization and communication skills  Positive, enthusiastic and passionate mindset  Proficient with Microsoft Office suite and CRM tools (Salesforce preferred)  Ability to work evening hours, weekends and holidays in a retail environment  Ability to obtain appropriate state licensing, where applicable  Must be at least 18 years of age and maintain a valid driver’s license and an acceptable and safe driving record  Must be able to successfully pass a pre-employment background check  Legal right to work in the United States What You’ll Bring Compensation and Benefits Compensation $25.32 to $30.38 is based on a variety of factors including but not limited to work experience, skills, certifications, etc. As a part-time Tesla employee, you will be eligible for:  401(k) with employer match Employee Assistance Program Sick and Vacation time Tesla Babies program Back-up childcare and parenting support resources LGBTQ+ care concierge services Pet Insurance

What to Expect Tesla Motors is looking for an experienced Service Advisor to work on one of the most progressive vehicle brands in the world. This position requires a high-level customer and employee interaction, so the ideal candidate will not only possess the technical acumen, but also the ability to provide a strong level of customer service. If you are interested in becoming a part of a world-class service team supporting the latest EV technology, we are interested in hearing from you. What You’ll Do  Answer Phone Calls, Emails and Drive In’s to address any customerconcern with the highest level of response and attention  Return missed phone calls, email in no less than 5 minutes  Determine if technical solution can be resolved over the phone; escalate immediately to Shop Foreman/Service Manager to provide immediate attention  Accurately record issues and data into Dealer Management System. Attention to detail critical  Conduct Transactions w/ system; walk customer through correction and provide summary  Communicate estimated completion time, regular updates and follow through on each customer vehicle  Coordinate the detail of every vehicle prior to delivery  Coordinate the delivery time or pick up with each customer  Follow up with Customer on services provided; ensure they are satisfied with the work performed What You’ll Bring  Knowledge of methods, techniques, parts, tools and materials used in the maintenance and repair of vehicles  Experience in operational use and maintenance of a wide variety of hand power tools, shop tools, and automotive and electrical test equipment  Understanding of basic automotive techniques related to repair and servicing of automobiles  Ability to follow oral and written instructions with attention to detail  Willingness to learn new and innovative automotive technologies  Ability to establish and maintain cooperative working relationships with those contacted in the course of work to include the public  Perform detailed daily record keeping and reporting  Effectively handle multiple priorities, organize workload, and meet deadlines  Work in a team-based environment and achieve common goal  High School diploma or equivalent  Dealer Management System(s), Outlook, and MS Office  Associate Degree or certificate in Automotive Technology, preferred  Retail automotive service experience, preferred  Must have and maintain a valid driver’s license and an acceptable and safe driving record  Must have two years of driving experience

What to Expect We are seeking a motivated and energetic Facilities Maintenance Manager to lead the Facilities Maintenance team in Austin, TX. This individual will be playing a critical role developing and supporting a team that will manage the facilities maintenance systems and facilities utilities areas. What You’ll Do Responsible for planning, supervising, and coordinating the maintenance of site utilities and department assets at GigaFactory Texas. Lead a highly skilled technician staff executing preventative and corrective maintenance, work order processing, spare part control, and general troubleshooting of water systems (purification and treatment), mechanical systems (AHUs, compressed air, exhaust, chilled water), chemical systems (refinement, distribution), and electrical systems (transformers, distribution). Provide training, mentoring, performance improvement and career development to personnel Works on complex issues where analysis of situations or data requires in-depth knowledge of organizational objectives Acts as advisor to subordinates to meet schedules, resolve technical problems, and acts as incident commander during facility excursions; Manage on-shift escalations Identifies complex problems and reviews related information to develop and evaluate options and implement solutions. Verify completion of task execution (PM, SOP, PTP, etc.) Communicates detailed plans for work assignments and is first point of contact for issues that arise on the shift Reviews activity reports, and other performance data to measure productivity and goal achievement What You’ll Bring BS in Mechanical, Electrical, Chemical Engineering or equivalent experience considered 8+ years of related experience supporting semiconductor, solar, or battery manufacturing facilities  Technical training in plant engineering or maintenance, or comparable professional experience. Potential to work with materials which contain hazardous chemicals  Self-directed, self-motivated and self-managing with ability to simultaneously prioritize tactical and strategic objectives High tolerance of change Strong teamwork and communication skills

The Role  Electrical Designer Tesla is looking for an Electrical Designer experienced in the design of complex manufacturing facilities. The Electrical Designers will work under the technical supervision of our engineers.   Responsibilities  Provide advanced drafting and design services by preparing and maintaining construction drawings, facilities layouts, and engineering drawings  Produce complex technical drawings including single line diagrams, layout drawings, panel schedules  Develops simple to mid-level designs/layouts through fabrication level 3D models   Prepares designs and bill of material estimates from general instruction  Field surveys and as-built  Required Skills  Expert Knowledge of REVIT MEP.  Ability to complete electrical circuiting in Revit  Ability to coordinate and route in Revit  Ability to work in work sets and create families  Use Electrical Design experience to size breakers and feeders in accordance with NEC.  Can size circuits including protection and ampacity at 480V and below  Use National Electric Code to create drawings in compliance with national codes.   Interface and collaborate with engineers from multiple disciplines. Ability to multi-task, prioritize and work in an extremely fast-paced environment.  A good understanding about the constraints on physical placement and routing of electrical components like conduit, cable tray and electrical equipment  A proper understanding of building mechanical systems and process systems in a complex manufacturing facility 

What to Expect We seek a highly motivated hands-on engineer based in the Reno, Nevada region to support the Energy Production Engineering group, a team focused on creating robust, beautiful, data-centric production testing equipment. This team concentrates on mechanical, electrical, software, and controls of dense and reliable testing equipment for our production lines around the world. This individual would support the team with equipment validation, commissioning and troubleshooting support What You’ll Do Lead equipment commissioning, validation and integration with production lines Troubleshoot manufacturing test equipment which include low and high power electrical panels, mechanical fixtures with robotic, servo, pneumatic operations, and fluid systems Ability to review electrical schematics and trace issues, and update schematics Perform equipment upgrades as needed (electrical, and software) Control and modify NI LabVIEW code Update documentation, and train various personnel (operators, technicians, engineers) Provide feedback, and frequent updates to Production and Design teams Debug and optimize processes to minimize cycle time and maximize uptime Characterize and validate equipment using data-driven statistical approaches (Gage Repeatability and Reproducibility test, Cpk, etc) Participate in design reviews for manufacturing test equipment What You’ll Bring Ability to use oscilloscopes, multimeters, power analyzers and other electrical test instruments to support troubleshooting Experience working with and debugging common communication protocols (CAN, Ethernet, GPIB, etc.) Experience with software version-control using one of the following tools: SVN, Git, or GitHub Exposure to data analytics and databases querying on the following: MySQL, MS SQL etc Familiarity with electronic circuits. Experience with high voltage environments is preferred but not required Understanding of Three phase electrical systems is a plus Proficiency with AutoCAD Electrical, or E-PLAN is a must Basic experience with NI LabVIEW and TestStand is a must Exposure to PLC’s and HMI’s is a plus Experience commissioning test equipment, and root causing tester vs product issues Exposure to high power systems and various power converters a plus Experience working with various testers including EOL, functional, and burn-in is a plus Exposure to SolidWorks (or similar) is a plus BS/MS Electrical or Mechatronic Engineering, or other applicable degrees & experience

What to Expect The Role The Vehicle Readiness Specialist is a key contributor to the Tesla experience by preparing vehicles for customers, and working with teammates to find opportunities for continuous improvement and new ways of vehicle readiness. This position is responsible for the high-quality preparation of customer cars, washing vehicles, and preparing new customer delivery vehicles. Success requires a desire to work quickly and efficiently, be challenged, have a high level of accountability, and a personal satisfaction in doing a great job. What You’ll Do Responsibilities  Clean service, loaner, and gallery vehicles  Clean vehicle exteriors and interiors in compliance with company standards  Operate steamers, hoses, vacuums, and other equipment  Ability to spot check and manage paint correction onsite as needed  Track schedules, prioritize, and manage time effectively to meet deadlines  Communicate with various teams that are involved in the vehicle orientation process  Manage inventory and reorder supplies, as needed  Troubleshoot issues and escalate to management through appropriate channels when needed  Perform additional responsibilities as assigned to meet business needs What You’ll Bring Requirements  Valid driver’s license in the country in which you are applying, 2-year minimum driving record required with a clean driving history, and ability to be insured  High School diploma or equivalent  Proven track record of a great work ethic  Demonstrated ability to be a team player  Ability to lift 50 - 60 pounds

What to Expect   What You’ll Do Preparation and filing of annual 1099-MISC and 1099-NEC tax reporting in addition to the cleansing of tax data to ensure accurate data sources for 1099 reporting and process corrections in a timely manner, action all audit requests related to 1099 forms.  Interact with external agencies such as Internal Revenue Service with respect to assigned responsibilities.  Ownership of the communication between different teams and their actions for 1099 compliance and any other applicable tax compliance pertaining to suppliers. - Interpret IRS tax law to confirm 1099 reporting status for Tesla Suppliers  Audit/TIN match new Supplier/Customer onboarding for correct 1099 classification - Scrub existing Supplier tax data and correct any errors - Provides general assistance to Company's Tax Specialists involved in a variety of taxation work, including research and analysis of key issues  Collaborate with other tax team members in identifying ways to optimize the tax information gathering process  Support and improve our business process through assistance in continuous improvement projects to streamline tasks – including the 1099 process.  Helping establish, embed and develop new tax processes and controls as Discovery develops its international tax compliance and reporting related to new markets  Work directly with customers and vendors to provide timely response to inquiries and provide feedback regarding tax policies, rules, regulations and guidelines What You’ll Bring Excellent communication skills Clear and concise writing and oral skills are crucial to the ability to obtain and disseminate information  Strong attention to detail and organizational skills and proven ability to manage multiple, competing priorities simultaneously  Excellent time management & organizational skills; demonstrated ability to prioritize, multi-task, perform in a fast-paced environment; respond quickly  Highly motivated strategic thinker with strong organizational and project management skills and proven problem solving and decision making capabilities  High emotional intelligence and Interpersonal Savvy, feedback skills including good team management & development skills  Strong computer skills (Microsoft Office Suite 2010, including Word, Excel and Power Point); Large ERP experience would be an asset Strong accounting and analytical skills as well as a strong research proficiency

What to Expect Responsibilities: The Controls Technician will work to maintain standardized work procedures for PLC troubleshooting, testing and automated equipment controls with several Manufacturing Engineering peers. Candidate will troubleshoot and maintain all controls components such as PLC, safety devices, HMI, servo drives, process hardware and robots. The Controls Technician will assist in all areas of automated equipment maintenance and troubleshooting.What You’ll Do Requirements: Minimum of 2 years of Controls Technician experience in a high-volume manufacturing/industrial environment or applicable technical certificate / degree. Skilled at troubleshooting electrical, hydraulic, and pneumatic systems Skilled at building and wiring industrial electrical cabinets Demonstrated ability to be a self-driven contributor with limited supervision Availability off-hours, night shift, and weekends Skilled in SCADA & HMI systems, such as Ignition, WinCC, or PanelView Skilled in PLC Languages, such as Allen Bradley, Siemens, Beckhoff, or any PLC platform Experience working in a fast paced and dynamic environment and able to manage multiple priorities. Comfortable running equipment using internal or 3rd party software, able to decipher logs and troubleshoot equipment. Comfortable reading wiring diagrams and troubleshooting. Good communication skills and demonstrated teamwork skills. Basic user level knowledge of MS Excel, PowerPoint, PLM, ERP. Ability to work well with others in a collaborative team environment. Basic drafting Skill of Electrical prints in AutoCAD or ePlan What You’ll Bring Preferred: Experience PLC troubleshooting with Beckhoff and Siemens Familiarity with high automation continuous motion production tools Familiarity with mechanical troubleshooting Experience in Robot programming: Fanuc or Kuka Skilled in programming: C, C++, C#, Python, VB, or other programming languages.

What to Expect The Role  As a Production Associate, you will participate in the assembly and production of Tesla vehicles. If you have a strong work ethic, are reliable, and value teamwork in a safety focused environment, we want to hear from you!   Responsibilities   Complete standard work process and follow work instructions, procedures, and rotate as required.   Demonstrate flexibility as needed by the business.  Operate complex manufacturing equipment under supervision.  Escalate technical and process issues to the appropriate support groups and leaders.   Production Associates must be able to perform a wide array of essential functions across a number of production and manufacturing lines and work areas, as business needs require. Follow safety guidelines & procedures.  Demonstrate a high level of professionalism.  Exemplary attendance and punctuality are crucial for the team to achieve success.Work Environment / Essential Physical Demands  Ability to perform physically demanding work for extended periods of time, up to 12 hours a day including but not limited to:  Frequently and repetitively, lift, push and carry up to 35 lbs.   The ability to carry 20 lbs. up and down stairs.  Frequently and repetitively, bend, lift and reach to install vehicle parts of varying size and weight overhead, accurately and in allotted timeframes.   Ability to stand and walk for up to 12 hours/day, including over varied and uneven terrain.   Stoop, lay, bend, reach, squat, kneel, crouch, twist and crawl for extended periods of time, including up to 12 hours/day.  Climb and maintain balance on ladders, scaffolding or other high structures.  Ability to find issues in a work process and receive safety signals using sight, touch, and hearing.  Demonstrated ability to handle and manipulate tooling and mechanically fasten bolts within required cycle time, quickly and accurately during new hire training and maintaining ability throughout employment.  Exposures to hazardous materials used in the painting process and ability to follow waste handling/disposal procedures.  Wearing Personal Protective Equipment, including but not limited to: safety glasses, safety shoes, bump caps, hearing protection, full-face respirators, gloves, and adhering to prescribed safety rules and guidelines.  Open to schedule flexibility that will allow for a variety of shifts, including days, nights, overnight, and/or weekends as needed as well as potential overtime.  Ability to work in a team-oriented production or manufacturing environment, including exhibiting strong interpersonal and communication skills with your teammates.   Ability and willingness to maintain a safe and collaborative work environment.   Ability to work quickly while maintaining a high level of craftsmanship and attention to detail.   Requirements   Demonstrated ability to learn new skills & adapt to new work environments.  Comfortable learning new technology.  High School Diploma or equivalent preferred.  Must have command of the English language, both written and verbal.  Must be at least 18 years of age.   All potential employees will be required to successfully pass a comprehensive background check.   What You’ll Do   Responsibilities   Complete standard work process and follow work instructions, procedures, and rotate as required.   Demonstrate flexibility as needed by the business.  Operate complex manufacturing equipment under supervision.  Escalate technical and process issues to the appropriate support groups and leaders.   Production Associates must be able to perform a wide array of essential functions across a number of production and manufacturing lines and work areas, as business needs require. Follow safety guidelines & procedures.  Demonstrate a high level of professionalism.  Exemplary attendance and punctuality are crucial for the team to achieve success.   What You’ll Bring Requirements   Demonstrated ability to learn new skills & adapt to new work environments.  Comfortable learning new technology.  High School Diploma or equivalent preferred.  Must have command of the English language, both written and verbal.  Must be at least 18 years of age.   All potential employees will be required to successfully pass a comprehensive background check.  

What to Expect Disclaimer: This position is expected to start in-person around May/June 2023 and continue through the entire Summer term (i.e. through Aug/Sep 2023). We ask for a minimum of 12 weeks, full-time, for most internships. Please consider before submitting an application. International Students: If your work authorization is through CPT, please consult your school before applying. You must be able to work 40 hours per week. Many students will be limited to part-time during the academic year. Internship Program at Tesla  The Internship Recruiting Team is driven by the passion to recognize emerging talent. Our year-round program places the best students in positions where they will grow both technically and personally through their experience working closely with their manager, mentor, and team. We are dedicated to providing an experience that allows for the intern to experience life at Tesla by giving them projects that are critical to their team’s success.Locations   Multiple Locations Possible  About the Team  The Quality Engineering Team members are expected to have the skills to analyze data and surface takeaways and communicate recommendations to leaders at all levels in the company. Through the intern program, we are looking to find the next wave of talent to drive these efforts.  This position you will work as a member of Tesla’s Quality Team. The primary objective of this role is to support the production of high-quality products through the continual improvement of process and product quality and the systems that surround them. The successful candidate for this position must be a problem-solver at their core, have a strong quality & customer-focused mindset, and have the personal drive and stamina for relentless, continual improvement, personally and professionally. What You’ll Do Quality Interns will be responsible for providing on time support to our internal or external customers on Quality Improvement opportunities, including: Monitoring our manufacturing processes Creating and monitoring quality data systems Identifying continuous improvement opportunities and implementing best practices Performing design engineering analysis and reviewing engineering documentation Capture and document root cause analysis Contain defective products through ownership of problem definition (8D’s), Root Cause Analysis (RCA’s), leading dispositions, and resolution effectiveness tracking. Reviews, develops, and implements revised/new processes using Six Sigma/Lean manufacturing Working cross functionally with various teams to achieve quality standards Detect non-conformances through use and standardization of SPC systems, and Change Control management Ensure standards and specification by championing product/process Control Plans, Inspection Standards, quality and testing plans and instructions, Visual Work Instructions, and Technical Specifications Prevent failed customer satisfaction and durability by coordinating Failure Mode Effects Analysis (FMEA’s), product design specifications and tolerances reviews, past problem history, and supplier development What You’ll Bring Currently pursuing degree in Manufacturing, Mechanical Engineering or other Engineering discipline Prior internship experience in a manufacturing setting preferred Evidence of bringing assignments to a successful completion Strong verbal / written communication and computer skills Demonstrated ability to communicate effectively Ability to multi task effectively within a team environment in managing priorities.

What to Expect About Tesla and Tesla Energy’s Mission  In 2016 Elon released: The Master Plan, Part Deux. In this plan he highlighted the need to Integrate Energy Generation and Storage by creating stunning solar roofs with seamlessly integrated battery storage. Tesla Energy’s Installation team is in the operations arm of the business. The team installs high-quality energy products (Solar Roof, Retrofit Solar, Powerwall) across the United States. To achieve this, we use a combination of direct labor and sub-contractors and partner with certified installers and new home builders.About Tesla Energy Quality  The Quality Department's core purposes are to ensure that the services we provide and the products we install meet the design intent so that people will love them and to reduce organizational spend by identifying and reducing inefficiencies caused by operations errors and product defects. We react to issues by containing, identifying root cause, and determining corrective actions to prevent recurrence while proactively identifying and mitigating risks to improve capability and capacity of operations through new methods, tools, or material.Tesla Energy’s Installation Quality department supports the installation of residential energy products through the continual improvement of process and product quality and the systems that surround them. A successful candidate for this team must be a problem-solver at their core, have a strong quality and customer-focused mindset, and have the personal drive and stamina for relentless, continual improvement, both personally and professionally.  About Quality Data Science  The Quality Data Science team supports all branches of the quality organization (Install Quality, Business Quality and Quality Systems). The team supports everything from analytics requests, metric development, root cause analysis, predictive analytics, quality control testing and development and much more. Embedded within the Quality organization the Data Science team operates as a support mechanism to effectively solve problems and prevent quality issues from reoccurring.  What You’ll Do Analyze installation, performance, and customer data to extract useful statistics and insights related to quality in order to drive meaningful improvements to our processes and customer experience Develop queries using SQL to aggregate and process data across multiple data sources Create ETL jobs to calculate key performance indicators Create high visibility dashboards to tell data stories and provide metrics about installation quality nationwide  Work effectively with engineers, project managers, and technicians to conduct end-to-end analyses Interpret data, analyze results, and provide ongoing reports Monitor key product metrics, understanding root causes of changes in metrics Maintain existing data visualizations and develop enhancements as needed Drive underlying data systems improvement by working with key cross-functional stakeholders Perform data quality validations to ensure data creation is as per the business needs and expectations Work with management to prioritize business and information needs   Essential Skills - Job Specific  Expert in writing SQL and familiar with multiple data architecture paradigms (Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL, Vertica, Presto, etc.) Strong knowledge of and experience with data visualization software (Tableau, PowerBI, etc.) Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical tools/packages for analyzing datasets Technical expertise regarding data models, database design, and data mining techniques. Experience with Python, especially in a data analytics/science capacity where pandas/numpy are used heavily Exposure to "big data" technologies, particularly any part of a Spark, HBASE, Hadoop stack Strong analytical skills with ability to combine and find patterns across multiple datasets Strong attention to details and data accuracy Essential Skills - General  Raises the Bar - We need top performers who raise the bar in our organization. When we hire new candidates, they should already be better than most employees in that role. We will often need to do this by being scrappy and challenging the status quo.  Bias for Action - must have bias for action and be able to convert thought into execution quickly.  People Centric - value people and their time. Demonstrate empathy and respect.   Adaptive - Adapts to change, even when they may not be in favor of it. Someone who is collaborative and willing to take on new assignments and roles to benefit the business.  Develops Others - Serves as a multiplier. Makes others around them better by helping them highlight their strengths and work on their weaknesses. Can serve as a mentor to more junior leaders and employees and develop them for roles of greater responsibility.   Innovates - Find creative ways to simplify and look at our operation through a new lens. Not caught up on old ways of doing things. Has the ability to adapt and creatively work through problems and solutions that may not be their own.   Thinks like an Owner - Willing to take risks, own outcomes, and learn from them. Humble and prioritizes the needs of the business over their own.  Reasons from First Principles - Able to identify root causes and use data to drive decisions and change.  Resourceful - Practices frugality. Is a scrappy leader who can do more with less.   Curious - Seek to understand and show empathy. Have an insatiable thirst for learning and knowledge. What You’ll Bring BS in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management, Statistics, Engineering or related field. 3+ years working experience as a data analyst or business data analyst.

What to Expect The Role The Associate Manager, Mobile Equipment Maintenance will need to demonstrate skills in breakdown management & follow up action to prevent repeat occurrences, equipment spare parts management, training & development This role will also include the management of a group of equipment maintenance supervisors directly responsible for supervision of equipment availability, performance and will develop and maintain maintenance oversite and calibration programs, schedules, machinery, and equipment used in the department. The hired candidate also will have exceptional interpersonal, organizational, and management skills, demonstrating the ability to be an innovator and change agent. What You’ll Do Responsibilities  Establish systems to ensure that preventative maintenance is 100% on-time and effective for all manufacturing tools and equipment. Manage the performance in preventative maintenance and repair on a variety of Dollies, Racks, electro-mechanical, and pneumatic automobile manufacturing equipment. Day to day coverage of production line equipment, including rapid response on broken equipment to minimize downtime and maximize productivity Perform supporting activities for engineering and manufacturing including 5s, material handling improvements, production line configuration, and safety procedures Establish a positive work environment for non-exempt workers to be productive, and completely engaged with Tesla Mission, Core Values, and Culture. Collaborate with cross-functional teams and department leaders to address concerns and issues that affect part quality, production efficiency, work cell ergonomics, equipment maintenance. Investigate and implement countermeasures to prevent repetitive breakdowns (RCCA). Assist with electrical and mechanical code compliance, safety, and lean manufacturing initiatives. Maintain and help develop up-to-date maintenance and calibration procedures and schedules. Support Lean Manufacturing and 5S initiatives. Work with Engineering and Manufacturing to ensure maintenance instructions and schedules are always available and current Develop new Maintenance instructions (Standard Work) for new equipment or equipment changes, and train Maintenance Teams Will support both day and night shift manufacturing schedule (Some weekends and holiday required) Manage projects involving multiple departments and/or outside contractors. Provide clear report for all unscheduled down event on critical equipment. Provide support to ensure that all equipment installation and modifications are effective. What You’ll Bring Requirements BS Degree in Industrial/Mechanical/Electrical engineering, military or equivalent experience preferred 5+ years of experience in supervision and/or leadership 5+ years of extensive experience with troubleshooting and correcting industrial equipment maintenance - breakdowns and failure Ability to manage workload while contributing to a positive, team-oriented work environment Minimum of 3-5 years of maintenance technician management experience in a high-volume manufacturing/industrial environment is required, military or equivalent experience. Detail oriented with strong record-keeping and organizational skills Demonstrated ability to use CMMS (Computerized Maintenance Management Systems) to include monitoring, scheduling, and creating work orders and preventative maintenance schedules Must be skilled with common workplace software (MS Word, Excel, Visio, Access, etc.). Able to read and interpret basic mechanical drawings and electrical schematics. Basic drafting experience preferred. (SolidWorks and AutoCAD experience a plus.) Availability off-hours and weekend calls Project management experience Excellent written and verbal communication & people management skills

What to Expect Data is deeply embedded in the product and engineering culture at Tesla. We collect data from our vehicle fleet and use it to support service and engineering in identifying issues at the fleet or vehicle level, enabling diagnostic automation and technician workflow to identify issues and take corrective actions. We're looking for a talented engineer to join us in analyzing and reporting on data, creating ETL processes, and implementing improvements to our data platform. Your work will affect thousands of technicians and Tesla engineers daily, enabling them to keep our vehicle fleet on the road and improve customer experience. What You’ll Do Develop analysis and reporting focused on operational, technical metrics and KPIs  Deliver quick turnarounds on dashboards, identify trends and/or issues within data sets, and make recommendations to influence business decisions and investments Improve our data platform by improving performance, stability and maintainability of our relational databases, ETL pipelines, queue (Kafka, RabbitMQ) environments  Evaluate the effectiveness of engineering initiatives and deliver actionable insights to improve service productivity  Present analytical results and insights to business partners to answer strategic questions and influence business decisions What You’ll Bring Minimum of 2-3 years of experience in a software/data engineering related capacity Understanding of relational database theory and proficiency in writing, understanding, and optimizing complex SQL code Experience with Business Intelligence tools (eg Tableau or Superset) and real time dashboard development  Experience with Jupyter, Pandas workflow  Software engineering fundamentals, knowledge of data structure and algorithms  Strong communication, organizational, and analytical and problem solving skills Nice to Have Knowledge of statistical models, predictive model development (Python, R, SAS, etc), machine learning, proficiency in Spark Understanding of queue-based environments including Kafka or AMQP 

What to Expect Battery Cells are the common denominator for every Tesla product. Our product requirements demand ground-up cell architectures with state-of-the-art performance, manufactured at volumes that are orders of magnitude higher than the products they power. Our environment is fast-paced and incredibly exciting. Tesla moves quickly, so being passionate and self-motivated to push your limits is critical. Our team works alongside engineering groups across various disciplines, requiring strong communication skills and a team-first mentality. You will work alongside seasoned industry experts, high aptitude recent graduates, and people from every stage in between. We are seeking a motivated and energetic Production Manager for our Cell Manufacturing team focus on Electrode. You will be playing a critical role developing and building a team that will spearhead production and development of battery cells at Tesla. As a leader you will be responsible for building a high performing team which includes shift associate managers, supervisors, operators, and technicians. In addition, technical background and experience enable decision making when working with cross-functional teams such as maintenance, quality, and engineering. Your combined skills and mental agility will be key to successfully navigating our fast-paced development environment. What You’ll Do Ensure safety and conduct policies are prioritized and met among employees Plan and execute operations to meet production targets Lead, coach and mentor front line supervisory leaders and teams Build and continuously develop a strong, motivated production team Organize and manage production activities according to organization needs and plans Monitor and report on production KPI’s as needed to technical and management teams Interface with cross-functional teams such as Quality and Engineering to synchronize activities and ensure organized execution of activities Facilitate the development and deployment of standard works whenever a gap is identified What You’ll Bring 6-8+ years of experience managing teams of people in a high-volume manufacturing environment Industry experience in lithium-ion batteries preferred  BS or MS in a technical discipline and/or evidence of exceptional experience Experience working in development programs a plus Can demonstrate ability to perform deadlines and perform under high pressure Manage production performance metrics (efficiency, quality, safety, throughput, costs) Communicate clearly using excellent written and verbal skills Strong organization skills with meticulous attention to detail Fluent with common MS office programs (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) Strong analytical and data analysis skills

THE ROLE Seeking highly motivated individuals who thrive in a fast-paced environment to take on a wide range of manufacturing and development challenges on a pilot line setting for cell manufacturing. This individual will apply his/her technical skills to setup, operate, and adjust equipment in development phase. The manufacturing technician is a key member of the process development team focused on developing innovative processes, equipment, and tooling to accelerate the world’s transition to GWh Hours of sustainable energy. RESPONSIBILITIESPerform equipment setup, operation, adjustments, and minor preventative maintenance tasks to meet safety, quality and efficiency standards for equipment in varying development stagesIdentify problems and potential solutions to troubleshoot issues as they arise during engineering buildsInspect and test finished product during and after engineering buildsDocument results during and post engineering development builds in a clear and concise mannerAssemble and test manufactured goods for dedicated tooling and or processesCollaborate with engineering to develop test methodsLoad and unload material, weight varying, into containers and toolsDevelop operating procedures for equipment or new processes in standard formatConduct analytical tests, measure and record data using defined tools and softwareSupport work area safety, cleanliness, material usage and organizationParticipate in the continuous improvement of safety, quality, output, and tool uptime REQUIREMENTS Experience in semiconductor, optics, cell, start-up or pilot production environment  Experience with operating and troubleshooting manufacturing equipment Proficiency with power tools and good motor skills. Strong written and verbal English communication skills. Excellent attention to detail, good organization, analytical and reasoning skills Ability to work with others in cross-functional team environment and follow both written and verbal instructions. Comfortable with frequent change of direction, dynamic work environment and passion to perform time-sensitive analysis under pressure.

What to Expect Technical Program Managers on the HV Battery Structures Design Engineering team drive programs from R&D concept to high volume production. The role requires a highly organized mindset, a passion to launch new technologies, and an unparalleled ability to pull people together to make things happen.  Our designs and schedules push the limits of physical possibility, which requires you to be extremely detail oriented and drive the cross functional teams to execute quickly at high quality. You will drive collaboration with many engineering groups, and ensure our team is aligned with company priorities. Tesla moves quickly, so being self-motivated and disciplined is critical. You must be passionate, but direction changes frequently, so you must also be resilient. Our tight-knit team owns the structural design for every vehicle battery Tesla launches. What You’ll DoManage fast-paced cross-functional projects from end-to-endCreate, maintain, and communicate schedules & plans for battery programsDrive action with internal & cross functional teams to successfully complete projects within time & resource constraintsTrack progress & report effectively on status, blockers & changesDevelop & maintain effective communication channels to all stakeholders – including design, supply chain, reliability, safety, manufacturing, and simulation teamsLead the team with confidence through rapid development cycles, changing requirements, and uncertaintyTrack resourcing of projects & drive resource balancing between different program prioritiesIdentify team priorities & motivate the project team to complete critical tasksOwn product BOM accuracy between design, supply chain, NPI & material planning What You’ll BringB.S. in an Engineering discipline OR equivalent experience & evidence of exceptional abilityPreferred: 2+ years full time employment experience. Minimum: multiple relevant internship positions.Excellent communication skills, both verbal & writtenExperience in developing hardware products – must have direct background in previous engineering or program management roles, either designing or manufacturing hardwareComfortable reporting status to leadership and communicating in large audiencesDetail oriented with strong record-keeping & organizational skillsPreferred: experience managing hardware suppliersDesire to own a lot and work hard - we have small teams and fast timelinesAbility to work cross-functionally & manage large teamsA desire to increase the effectiveness of your teammatesDemonstration of engineering fundamentals (materials, mechanics, analysis, simulation)Capability to maintain a positive attitude through demanding scenarios

What to Expect What to Expect (Background):  Tesla is re-thinking how batteries are made from the ground up. We’re designing new factories, new equipment, new processes and new software to rapidly scale battery manufacturing, globally. The primary bottleneck to Tesla’s future expansion (and the transition to sustainable transport and energy storage) is our ability to produce and procure batteries – that’s why we’re innovating in-house, with our collection of world-class engineers, to redefine the industry. Software, data and automation all play a huge part in this strategy. We’ve built software from scratch with a nimble and high performing team to meet the specific needs of Tesla’s rapid battery manufacturing scale up. This software tracks every component of the cell manufacturing process and acts as the brain of the entire cell factory. The Cell Software team is responsible for building solutions that allow the company to redefine manufacturing and production. We focus on implementing effective software advances, distributed fault-tolerant computing, and modern user-experience to manufacturing systems. Our stack is built on top of Kubernetes, Kafka, React, Go, PostgreSQL and other related platforms. We are not stuck in legacy systems. We’re looking for an integration engineer to help us successfully commission this software into the manufacturing line and business processes of the cell organization. This role will be chief problem solver working to unblock users and ensure the software is being most effective in the cell program. This will be achieved by obtaining a deep understanding of how our software platform works and how to get it to do what the end user needs. The role will involve technical problem-solving using data (we produce a lot of it), configuration of software solutions based on understanding of our platforms, as well as direct user support to answer questions. It is a mix of project management, solutions engineering, and support.   By taking on this role you will be central to getting both software and our manufacturing process to a mature and steady state. You will also help us shape the software product to ensure it is solving the right problems. You’ll do all of this while providing open lines of communication to our end users, supporting them as they use the software. What You’ll Do What You’ll Do (The Role):  1.  Coordinate and execute integrations of Cell Software across manufacturing lines and machines, working closely with controls, manufacturing, process and quality engineers 2.  Act as single point of contact for end users, ensure support requests are acknowledged and triaged in a timely manner, and handle line critical escalations 3.  Develop deep understanding of what our software can and cannot do, what it should and should not do, and then use this knowledge to help solve problems and answer customer questions to improve production capacity and quality 4.  Own prioritization of issues by understanding relative impact 5.  Dive deep into investigations of potential system issues, using data to arrive at logical conclusions and to convince the team what action is necessary 6.  Document issues and own solving them, then provide constructive written feedback to the core development team to improve the product 7.  Works with high integrity, follows procedures and policies with the handling of sensitive data What You’ll Bring What You’ll Bring (Requirements):  Bachelor’s degree or higher in an engineering field or equivalent experience and evidence of exceptional ability Open to working shifts as needed (4 day, 10 hours) including the potential for night shifts +1 year of working knowledge of SQL, Splunk or other data analysis/query platform Exposure to Python, Go or other software development language. Comfortable looking through code to understand what it does – no previous development experience required Demonstrated familiarity with developer tools like Git, Splunk, and Jira Must be able to understand integrated systems and their dependencies Strong organizational skills along with demonstrated ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously Demonstrated ability to meet deadlines and commitments Smart but humble with a bias for action

What to Expect Tesla Inc. has an immediate opportunity for a Designer in our Space Planning team in the Bay Area. You will be responsible for assisting the team with various day to day activities. What You’ll Do Preparation of building layouts and presentation drawings. Creating 3D models and generating interior renderings using SketchUp, Revit, Enscape as needed. Providing graphic design and presentation support. Updating as-built drawings by performing site visits and field measurements as needed. Assisting in developing test fits, furniture layouts, blocking, and stack plans including furniture, finish, and fixture selections. Participating in maintenance of space inventory by regularly updating drawings and information in various platforms. Participating in analysis of workplace data to develop innovative plans and solutions. Working with the larger team to provide and update vehicle and ADA parking drawings for transportation needs. Collaborating with design and construction teams on active projects. Managing Office Space APP Expertise with BIM. What You’ll Bring Background in Architecture or Interior Design. 3-5 years of experience in project execution, preferably in workspace interiors. Ability to create presentation drawings and renderings using Revit and Adobe Photoshop. Understanding of CA building codes. Data oriented and organized mind set. Ability to learn, adapt and deliver in a fast-paced and dynamic environment. Proactiveness and team spirit.

What to Expect Tesla is seeking a Controls Engineer on the Cell Controls Engineering (CCE) team to be part of a world-class team of engineers that are responsible for designing and building the automation and robotic equipment at the Tesla factories.  As a Controls Engineer, you are responsible for implementing equipment controls solutions for all cell manufacturing projects.  This includes design, architecture and implementation of automated equipment such as automated storage systems, robotics, automated case and pallet conveyance, automated guided vehicles, fixtures, etc.  Controls Engineers own equipment controls standard, hardware programming, robot programming, commissioning and review process of the project as well as additional functions such as auditing, installation and safety assessment. The key objective of the Automation team is developing new and innovative solutions in the factory and help Tesla achieve its ambitious manufacturing goals.   What You’ll Do Program and debug structure text and ladder logic code on multiple PLC controller platforms (Beckhoff TwinCAT and Siemens TIA Portal)  Develop code that is organized, structured, documented, maintainable and reusable  Create robust programs and sequences to control complex, multi-station machinery to perform processes such as material pick and place, dispense, fastening, welding, testing and material transport  Use Python scripting and SQL to interface equipment with Tesla Manufacturing Execution System (MES) and to collect data into production databases   Create intuitive operator touchscreen interfaces using TwinCAT HMI/WinCC and SCADA dashboards screens using Ignition   Set up and tune servo drives and VFDs for fast and smooth operation (Beckhoff, Siemens, SEW)   Design and implement control reliable safety systems for safeguarding robots, gantries, conveyors, and other high-volume manufacturing equipment as per codes and standards  Manage electrical cabinet builds, field wiring, pneumatic and fluid plumbing  Participate in initial equipment conceptual development and carefully balance product specifications, process requirements, layout complexity, cost, and lead-time limits  Participate in Tesla controls specification and standard creation, release to Vendor and quote technical evaluationEnforce application of Tesla controls standards, manage suppliers during specification, design review, design approvalManage suppliers during specification, design, buyoff and installation of automated manufacturing equipment  What You’ll Bring Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical, Mechanical or Mechatronics Engineering, Computer Science or the equivalent in experience and evidence of exceptional ability   In depth knowledge of Beckhoff and/or Siemens controls systems  Excellent Structured Text (IEC 61131-3) programming skills   Able to use common hand tools and diagnostic instruments such as multi-meters   Proficiency in field network topology, both theory and practical applications   Very good written and spoken English skills   Multi-tasking ability to manage multiple projects at the same time   Able to work under pressure in the presence of stakeholders   Willing to work nights and weekends when determined by project needs   At least 5+ years of relevant professional experience in Controls Engineering  

What to Expect Tesla Motors is looking for an experienced Service Advisor to work on one of the most progressive vehicle brands in the world. This position requires a high-level customer and employee interaction, so the ideal candidate will not only possess the technical acumen, but also the ability to provide a strong level of customer service. If you are interested in becoming a part of a world-class service team supporting the latest EV technology, we are interested in hearing from you. What You’ll Do  Answer Phone Calls, Emails and Drive In’s to address any customer concern with the highest level of response and attention  Return missed phone calls, email in no less than 5 minutes  Determine if technical solution can be resolved over the phone; escalate immediately to Shop Foreman / Service Manager to provide immediate attention  Accurately record issues and data into Dealer Management System. Attention to detail critical  Conduct Transactions w/ system; walk customer through correction and provide summary  Communicate estimated completion time, regular updates and follow through on each customer vehicle  Coordinate the detail of every vehicle prior to delivery  Coordinate the delivery time or pick up with each customer  Follow up with Customer on services provided; ensure they are satisfied with the work performed What You’ll Bring  Knowledge of methods, techniques, parts, tools and materials used in the maintenance and repair of vehicles  Experience in operational use and maintenance of a wide variety of hand power tools, shop tools, and automotive and electrical test equipment  Understanding of basic automotive techniques related to repair and servicing of automobiles  Ability to follow oral and written instructions with attention to detail  Willingness to learn new and innovative automotive technologies  Ability to establish and maintain cooperative working relationships with those contacted in the course of work to include the public  Perform detailed daily record keeping and reporting  Effectively handle multiple priorities, organize workload, and meet deadlines  Work in a team-based environment and achieve common goal  High School diploma or equivalent  Dealer Management System(s), Outlook, and MS Office  Associate Degree or certificate in Automotive Technology, preferred  Retail automotive service experience, preferred  Must have and maintain a valid driver’s license and an acceptable and safe driving record  Must have two years of driving experience Employee Benefits  Full benefits from day 1 for you and your eligible dependents  Medical plan options for Kaiser, Aetna PPO and HSA (including infertility and transgender coverage)  2 medical plan choices with $0 paycheck contribution  Vision & dental plans (including orthodontic coverage)  Healthcare and Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts  Company Paid HSA Contribution when enrolled in the High Deductible Medical Plan with HSA  Company paid Life, AD&D, short-term and long-term disability  401(k) match, Employee Stock Purchase Plans, and other financial benefits  Employee Assistance Program, Sick and Vacation time (Flex Time for salary positions), and Paid Holidays  Back-up childcare and employee discounts  Voluntary plans such as critical illness, hospital indemnity, accident insurance, and pet insurance  Voluntary Identity Theft and Legal Services plans  Adoption and surrogacy benefits

What to Expect The Role The Service Installer is an essential part of Tesla’s Field Energy Operations team. Employees working in this role are leading the drive towards completing Tesla’s mission—to accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy. As a Service Installer, each employee is working with the latest solar technology, building relationships with team members, and completing the installation of our products safely and on time. Tesla’s ideal candidate will have a passion for learning basic energy system construction, terminology, and concepts. This position is an hourly role that requires working outside in extreme environments, working at heights, and prolonged periods of repetitious duties including lifting, bending, and standing for long periods. What You’ll Do Duties/Responsibilities  Supporting the Crew Lead and Electrician on the successful maintenance of Tesla’s solar products.  Attending weekly team meetings and mandatory training sessions on new products, best installation and maintenance practices, and standard workmanship guidelines.  Pull inventory and ensure all materials are available to complete the job.  Work cooperatively with a team on residential re-roofs and installing Solar Roof.  Following building standards and codes when installing panels and support structures.  Managing time and tasks effectively with a sense of urgency while providing an exceptional customer experience to all customers. Required Skills/Abilities  Ability to safely handle power tools, hand tools, ladders, roofing materials along with inverters, solar panels, panel boards, batteries, and other similar electrical equipment.  Excellent problem-solving skills.  Excellent attendance is essential for the team to achieve success.  Travel is mandatory and will vary dependent on business needs. Employees must be able to travel for up to 2 weeks at a time, several times a year to various locations within the US.  Experience in roof work (including metal, concrete tile, clay tile, comp, shingle, or wood shake), HVAC, metal fabrication, general construction or carpentry preferred but not required. Education and Experience  High school diploma or equivalent preferred.  Vocational or technical school training preferred. What You’ll Bring Physical Requirements  Must be able to work at great heights including on rooftops, climbing ladders, and stairs  Must be able to work in extreme environments (example: hot sun, cold, crawl spaces, attic etc.)  Prolonged periods of repetitious duties including lifting, bending, and standing for long periods  Must be able to lift at least 50 pounds frequently  Must meet all OSHA standards for working at heights including:  Ability to climb and utilize equipment on site including various ladders rated for a maximum capacity of 325lbs.  Must be able to meet equipment standards for fall protection (harness, anchor, ropes, etc.) with a maximum capacity of 310bs. Employee Benefits As a full time, Tesla employee, you will receive full benefits from day 1 for you and your dependents.  Kaiser and UnitedHealthcare PPO and HSA plans (including infertility coverage)  3 medical plan choices with $0 paycheck contribution  Vision & dental plans (including orthodontic coverage)  Company paid Life, AD&D, short-term and long-term disability  401(k), Employee Stock Purchase Plans, and other financial benefits  Employee Assistance Program, Paid Time Off, and Paid Holiday  Back-up childcare and employee discounts

What to Expect The Vehicle Readiness Specialist is a key contributor to the Tesla experience by coordinating the receipt of incoming new and used vehicle inventory, preparing vehicles for customers, and working with teammates to find opportunities for continuous improvement and new ways of vehicle readiness. This position is responsible for the high-quality preparation of customer cars, lot management, washing vehicles, and preparing new customer delivery vehicles. Success requires a desire to work quickly and efficiently, be challenged, have a high level of accountability, and a personal satisfaction in doing a great job. To succeed at Tesla, you must be energetic, highly organized, and hard working. You should have a passion for sustainable energy and the ability to create exceptional client experiences. While individual contributions will be recognized, teamwork is essential to achieve the highest level of success. What You’ll Do Communicate with various teams that are involved in the vehicle delivery and orientation process Coordinate and perform vehicle movement and charging across multiple offsite locations Perform vehicle readiness inspections and safety checks Observe and report vehicle concerns Clean service, loaner, and gallery vehicles Clean vehicle exteriors and interiors in compliance with company standards Operate steamers, hoses, vacuums, and other vehicle detail equipment Ability to spot check needed paint correction Manage time effectively to meet deadlines Troubleshoot issues and escalate to management through appropriate channels when needed Conduct direct deliveries from Delivery Centers to customer homes when needed Perform additional responsibilities as assigned to meet business needs What You’ll Bring High School diploma or equivalent Proven track record of a great work ethic Demonstrated ability to be a team player Ability to lift 50 - 60 pounds Ability to work evening hours, weekends and holidays in a retail environment Valid driver’s license in the country in which you are applying, 2-year minimum driving record required with a clean driving history Ability to obtain appropriate state licensing, where applicable

What to Expect Tesla is seeking a rockstar Software Engineer to join our Wireless Software Engineering team. In this role, you will be part of a team responsible for delivering an unparalleled Bluetooth connectivity experience for the next generation of Tesla vehicles. We are looking for a highly motivated, inquisitive, and driven engineer who will take an ownership approach to shaping the user experience. What You’ll Do Contribute to Tesla’s wireless connectivity stack – Bluetooth/BLE, Wi-Fi. New feature development, Bluetooth profile connectivity management, and integration with smartphone ecosystems Develop telemetry and analytics platform enabling data collection, analysis and visualization of data reported from Tesla fleet. Contribute to test automation frameworks to validate existing and new connectivity features. Provide support to QA, manufacturing, and other software teams. Root-cause issues reported by QA teams and customer feedback. Contribute to rapid prototyping and evaluation of Tesla’s next generation wireless platforms. Implement continuous improvements and best practices within the team, and larger organization. What You’ll Bring Bachelor’s degree in computer science, computer engineering, electrical engineering, or equivalent experience Strong coding skills in C and C++ 4+ years experience in developing, integrating, and debugging any wireless protocol stack High expertise in embedded systems design, including real time operating systems Familiarity with open-source tools and Linux systems Knowledge of computer architectures, such as ARM or x86 Expertise in analysis and debugging hardware level issues requiring familiarity with hardware interfaces such as I2C, UART, SPI etc. Attention to details in designing the user facing features Bluetooth and audio experience preferred but not required

What to Expect Tesla is looking for a skilled construction painter with the experience in both interior and exterior painting to work on a wide variety of projects in the Bay Area. This position will require knowledge in selecting and/or applying the right material, equipment and procedures for the job while observing all safety measures. Candidates must be reliable, attentive to details and possess good communication skills for completing their duties. What You’ll Do Paint surfaces according to instructions with various tools Calculate, mix paint and other materials to prepare the right amount, color and/or texture Make on-site preparations, such as building rolling scaffolds when needed, covering fixtures, protecting the surfaces, preparing walls, removing old paint etc. Read blueprints/instructions Complete job scopes outside of normal core competencies as required Adhere to all health and safety protocols Operate scissor lifts, boom lifts and forklifts What You’ll Bring Minimum 4+ years verifiable experience as an Industrial Painter Training as a competent or qualified scaffold erector Excellent knowledge of painting material and how to select, mix and apply them  Solid knowledge of commercial and/or construction painting techniques Aptitude in using appropriate tools (brushes, caulking guns etc.) Good basic math skills Manual dexterity with excellent balance to work on scaffolding, ladders etc. Conscientious with great attention to detail The ability to think outside the box and find innovative solutions

What to Expect Tesla is seeking a Full-Stack JavaScript Engineer to join our Retail Digital Products team and help build the digital kiosk application used by store Tesla Advisors. This team is building the next generation products and supporting infrastructure which allows our customers, living in 60+ countries, to understand, interact and purchase our amazing vehicles and energy products. You will be challenged to deliver features quickly but thoughtfully, balancing speed to market with longevity and scalability, all in the name of extraordinary customer experiences. What You’ll Do Work closely with Product Management, Engineering and DevOps to build features, resolve issues, and perform testing related to customer facing applications in a fast-paced and collaborative Agile team while owning your solution from development to production Design, write, test, and document applications while identifying solutions to complex problems Implement continuous integration, regression and deployment, while maintaining the existing system and codebase Ensure feature quality through extensive testing (unit, integration, functional, performance and regression) with a focus towards automation What You’ll Bring 2+ years of experience in web application design and development Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent experience Proficient in Javascript / ES6, Redux, TypeScript. Experience with UI Unit Testing Experience creating, maintaining and shipping enterprise level applications. Experience using common design patterns with high standards for code quality, maintainability, and performance Thorough understanding of core design principles and common design patterns of React Solid backend experience in Node.js, Express and MySQL In-depth knowledge of web fundamentals (HTTP, HTML, REST, JSON) Experience with Docker and Kubernetes

What to Expect Tesla is looking for a talented, motivated individual to join our team in a fast-paced work environment.  The candidate will contribute to the design of Tesla’s Global Headquarters and work alongside the Tesla architectural and design team to pave the future of human-centric design.   Candidate shall have 5-8 years of relevant experience designing, detailing, and constructing architectural interiors and tenant improvements.  The ideal candidate will have experience taking projects from concept to completion, have a rigorous work ethic and design methodology, quick to adapt, and must be a communicative team player. What You’ll Do Architectural design and interior design Space planning and broad spatial organizational concepts Specifying and detailing materials, systems, furniture and equipment Working with procurement and sourcing teams Organizing mock ups Architectural and interior detailing Work with team to take projects from concept to completion Discipline coordination Construction documents Construction administration including RFI and submittal review What You’ll Bring Revit Adobe suite (photoshop, illustrator) Rendering Detailing and documentations Spatial planning

What to Expect Tesla is seeking a highly motivated experienced Thermal Engineer for the Autopilot & Electronic Systems & Dojo teams to help develop best in class cooling solutions from silicon to vehicles to datacenters.  The role involves architecture, design, and validation of passive, active air-, and active-liquid cooling solutions for electronic systems, either for vehicle platforms or off-vehicle systems. The position  also involves working closely with cross-functional teams at different scales (silicon to system) to scope and architect future platforms.  A deep understanding of the fundamentals of fluid flow and heat transfer and ability to breakdown complex engineering problems into simple pieces that can be tackled by fundamentals is a must.  Creative thinking, ability to solve complex and challenging problems, experience in thermal architecture are of paramount importance. This position involves working in a dynamic and fast-pace environment with tight timing and dynamic constraints. What You’ll Do Architect thermal solutions and evaluate feasibility of different architectures for future platforms Initiate and drive cross functional discussions to evaluate multiple alternative designs ideas Design passive and active air- and liquid-cooling solution for high power electronics - from silicon to vehicle to datacenters Develop analytical and computational models of hydraulic and thermal systems Drive component selection (Chiller, CDU, Fan, Pump, Filter, TIM, ) Optimize cooling solutions for all aspects of their performance and reliability  Define thermal policy and control algorithms and characterize system response at different scales  Contribute to module- and system-level reliability What You’ll Bring Degree in Thermal/Mechanical Engineering, or equivalent experience with proof of exceptional ability in design and architecture of thermal management systems Strong understanding of fundamentals of fluid mechanics, heat transfer, and thermodynamics Minimum 10 years of industrial experience with evidence of exceptional performance  Ability to lead small team of engineers   Proficiency in numerical simulation of heat and fluid flow Experience in data centers is an asset Knowledge of semiconductor packaging and package-level thermal/mechanical considerations is an asset 

What to Expect The Installer is an essential part of Tesla’s Field Energy Operations team. Employees working in this role are leading the drive towards completing Tesla’s mission—to accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy.  As an Installer, each employee is working with the latest solar technology, building relationships with team members, and completing the installation of our products safely and on time.  Tesla’s ideal candidate will have a passion for learning basic energy system construction, terminology, and concepts. This position is an hourly role that requires working outside in extreme environments, working at heights, and prolonged periods of repetitious duties including lifting, bending, and standing for long periods.  What You’ll Do  Supporting the Crew Lead and Electrician on the successful install of Tesla’s solar products.  Attending weekly team meetings and mandatory training sessions on new products, best installation practices, and standard workmanship guidelines.  Following building standards and codes when installing panels and support structures.  Assisting with routine maintenance on energy systems.  Managing time and tasks effectively with a sense of urgency.  Providing an exceptional customer experience to all customers.  What You’ll Bring Experience in roof work, general construction or carpentry preferred.  Ability to safely handle power tools, hand tools as well as materials such as ladders, inverters, solar panels, panel boards, batteries and other similar electrical equipment, lumber, roofing materials, etc.  Excellent problem-solving skills.  Excellent attendance is essential for the team to achieve success.  Travel is mandatory and will vary dependent on business needs. Employees must be able to travel for up to 2 weeks at a time, several times a year to various locations within the US.  Valid Driver’s License Required. Education/Experience  High school diploma or equivalent preferred  Vocational or technical school training preferred Physical Requirements  Must be able to work at great heights including on rooftops, climbing ladders, and stairs  Must be able to work in extreme environments (example: hot sun, cold, crawl spaces, attic etc.)  Prolonged periods of repetitious duties including lifting, bending, and standing for long periods  Must be able to lift at least 50 pounds frequently  Must meet all OSHA standards for working at heights including:  Ability to climb and utilize equipment on site including various ladders rated for a maximum capacity of 325lbs.  Must be able to meet equipment standards for fall protection (harness, anchor, ropes, etc.) with a maximum capacity of 310bs. Employee Benefits As a full time Tesla employee you will receive full benefits from day 1 for you and your dependents.  Kaiser and United Healthcare PPO and HSA plans (including infertility coverage)  3 medical plan choices with $0 paycheck contribution

What to Expect The Lead Installer will be part of Tesla’s Field Energy Operations team. As a leader at Tesla, the Lead Installer will continuously model to others Tesla standards and responsibilities including policy compliance, quality standards, and efficiency goals. The ideal candidate will work cooperatively with team members to successfully complete the installation and maintenance of energy products safely and on time. What You’ll Do Considered a subject matter expert in energy system installation and is capable of training and mentoring others, may be responsible for a group or team Able to supervise the jobsite and proactively guides and trains team members to ensure compliance Able to install and commission energy systems on roofs including array layout, and mounting hardware based on site conditions and customers’ needs and expectations Proactively resolves equipment and system issues and is able to troubleshoot and overcome obstacles onsite. Applies advanced knowledge to improve processes and proactively reviews workmanship onsite Collaborates with warehouse team to ensure all materials and equipment necessary for installation are available onsite and communicates job status to customer and leadership Able to understand productivity goals and drive team members to improve efficiency Ensures that equipment is weather sealed Performs routine maintenance on energy systems Capable of completing work both with a team and as a lone worker Attend weekly team meetings and mandatory training sessions on new products, installation methodology, and safety Provide an exceptional customer experience to all customers Performs other related duties as assigned What You’ll Bring Experience in roof work, general construction, or carpentry preferred Extensive knowledge of electrical wiring and equipment Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills Ability to read building plans and equipment manuals Ability to safely handle power tools and materials such as: ladders, inverters, solar panels, panel boards, batteries, and other similar electrical equipment, lumber, roofing materials, etc. Able to bend conduit unassisted. Excellent customer service and strong written and verbal communication skills Computer skills preferred Excellent attendance is essential for the team to achieve success Ability to work well with others in a collaborative team environment Travel is mandatory and will vary dependent on business need. Employees must be able to travel for up to 2 weeks at a time, several times a year, to various locations within the US. Valid Driver’s License Required Education/Experience High school diploma or equivalent preferred Vocational or technical school training preferred Previous related experience preferred Physical Requirements Must be able to work at great heights including on rooftops, climbing ladders, and stairs Must be able to work in extreme environments (example: hot sun, cold, crawl spaces, attic etc.) Prolonged periods of repetitious duties including lifting, bending, and standing for long periods Must be able to lift at least 50 pounds frequently Employee Benefits As a full time Tesla employee you will receive full benefits from day 1 for you and your dependents.  Kaiser and United Healthcare PPO and HSA plans (including infertility coverage)  3 medical plan choices with $0 paycheck contribution  Vision & dental plans (including orthodontic coverage)  Company paid Life, AD&D, short-term and long-term disability  401(k), Employee Stock Purchase Plans, and other financial benefits  Employee Assistance Program, Paid Time Off, and Paid Holidays  Back-up childcare and employee discounts Candidates must successfully complete and pass MVR background check

What to Expect The SOC Operator is responsible for monitoring, tracking and coordinating all incidents that will or may impact business operations while in a fast-paced environment. Using a variety of systems, SOC operators will assist with requests via phone, email and/or radio. SOC operators will troubleshoot, assess and triage security related issues as required. What You’ll Do  Coordinate with security and external partners during emergencies and routine events including fire alarms, door alarms and lost or missing items.  Dispatch security officers, fire patrol officers, and EMS personnel as required.  Provide exceptional customer service while supporting external partners with requests via email and/or phone.  Able to think outside the box and solve problems with resources at hand.  Assist in conducting investigations and able to update requestors in a timely manner.  Monitor fire alarm systems, investigate and document as they come in to the internal fire team.  Maintain and accurately log all equipment and keys signed out and returned by security.  Properly document every incident that comes into the SOC and escalate to management as needed.  Assist during afterhours with routine badging requests. What You’ll Bring  Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal.  Advanced computer skills and proficiency.  Able to remain calm and handle high stress situations in a fast paced environment.  Strong analytical and problem solving skills.  Able to work in a team environment.  Self-motivated and able to multitask.  Prior experience in dispatch, call center, or an SOC environment

What to Expect Tesla Advisor The Role The Tesla Advisor consistently delivers on an incredible educational, immersive, and exciting experience to all of our current and future customers as well as create a memorable experience for our customers on delivery day. They constitute Tesla’s front line and are our brand ambassadors, supporting our mission to accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy. As a Tesla Advisor, you will support customers from the moment they walk into our showrooms to learn about Tesla through to their delivery day experience. We’ve created one of the most innovative vehicles ever made, and you will help deliver an equally innovative buying and delivery experience. To succeed at Tesla, you must be energetic, highly organized, and hard working. You should have a passion for sustainable energy and the ability to create exceptional client experiences. While individual contributions will be recognized, teamwork is essential to achieve the highest level of success. We will reward team players who help others succeed and empower the team around them.  What You’ll Do Responsibilities  Engage walk in guests promptly, personally and with the goal of opening the conversation and ensuring they feel welcome  Excite, engage and educate prospective customers and current owners through calls, emails or text and outbound events to educate them about Tesla’s product offering and answering questions  Help Tesla maintain a healthy sales pipeline by collecting customer contact information and scheduling and copiloting Test Drives for individuals who exhibit purchase intent or potential  Actively contribute to the achievement of monthly sales and delivery targets by achieving and exceeding individual Sales and KPI targets  Effectively present and sell and support the delivery and installation the entire Tesla eco-system  Provide the highest level of customer service throughout the full sales and delivery cycle & installation process, as well as continued support throughout ownership  Prepare, stage, and charge customer vehicles in advance of their scheduled delivery appointment  Educate new owners by conducting a comprehensive vehicle orientation, tailored to the individual customer's needs and comfort level  Execute customer documents on delivery day  Demonstrate a mastery of all Tesla products and services. Keep up with EV industry trends and local incentives  Conduct direct deliveries from Delivery Centers to customer homes  Perform additional responsibilities as assigned to meet business needs What You’ll Bring Requirements  At least 1+ year of customer service and/or sales experience with proven track record to meet or exceed goals  Positive, enthusiastic and passionate about the changes in the personal transportation industry  Ability to understand and convey business issues and technical concepts  Strong sense of team mentality and reliability  Great attention to detail with strong organization and communication skills  Proficient with Microsoft Office suite and CRM tools  Ability to work evening hours, weekends and holidays in a retail environment  Ability to obtain appropriate state licensing, where applicable  Must be at least 18 years of age and maintain a valid driver’s license and an acceptable and safe driving record  Must be able to successfully pass a pre-employment background check  Legal right to work in the United States Compensation Compensation is based on a variety of factors including but not limited to work experience, skills, certifications, etc.

What to Expect The successful Equipment Engineer candidate will have broad-based industrial maintenance experience, encompassing Electrical/PLC, Robotics, Mechanical, Painting, Machining, Hydraulics/Pneumatics, Conveyor systems, etc. Must be willing to tackle whatever technical challenge presents itself and be willing to assist and learn from others in their areas of expertise. Displays extensive theoretical and hands-on experience in all facets of an automated shop. Experience managing a group working on process optimization, Safety validations and improvements, upgrades, and new installation of equipment.  What You’ll Do Responsible for all controls related activities in the shop Work collaboratively with design, product excellence, production operations, Manufacturing Engineering, Process Engineering, Maintenance, and other cross functional teams as the expert to ensure production lines run in a safe, efficient manner producing high quality parts.  Lead equipment upgrades with a focus on serviceability, reliability, and process capability.  Responsible for continuous process optimization of automated lines  Become owner / subject matter expert to drive equipment-related process improvement including detailed troubleshooting and root cause analysis.  Build training material, maintenance routines, service bulletins, and related documentation related to cradle to grave equipment life cycle management  Lead safety and ergonomic improvements to production equipment which meets or exceeds regulations or best practices.  Identify equipment critical spare parts and ensure sufficient coverage to prevent extended downtime situations  Participate in supplier and equipment buyoffs  Debug and optimize automated processes to maximize cycle time and uptime.  Develop and manage FMEA risk assessments to prioritize equipment improvement projects and ensure sufficient repair strategies.  Provide hands-on support to maintenance team to troubleshoot and resolve extended downtime situations.  Identify weak areas of the production systems using root cause analysis and first principles thinking, implement effective countermeasures using all available means.   What You’ll Bring B.S. in Mechanical, Manufacturing, Electrical or Mechatronic Engineering; or equivalent experience and evidence of exceptional ability  5+ years of Professional Equipment Maintenance and Controls Engineering experience in high volume manufacturing environment Proficiency with process integration and electromechanical / mechatronic systems Advanced proficiency programming industrial equipment from scratch and modifying:   Structure text PLCs preferably Siemens’ controllers Safety PLCs (Siemens, Beckhoff, Allen-Bradley) Human Machine Interface (HMI / GUI – Beckhoff View, WinCC, Ignition) Field bus Networks (Ether CAT, ProfNet, Ethernet) Serial communication (RS-232) between PLCs and instruments Ethernet communications between machine PLCs and database systems  Proficiency in selecting appropriate circuit protectors, wire and cable, sensors, safety hardware, PLC hardware, remote I/O, VFD and servo systems.   Proficiency in creating detailed electrical and fluid schematics in CAD (AutoCAD Electrical preferred)  Experience programming Cartesian and Articulated robots is highly desired (Fanuc, Kuka, Motoman, Epson) Experience with Vision systems (Cognex, Keyence, Fanuc)  Experience creating SCADA Systems with Ignition or similar platforms  

What to Expect The Internal Audit team's mission is to call attention to risks and drive actions to address those risks to protect Tesla. The team partners with IT, Engineering, and Information Security/Privacy groups to identify areas of risk and make valuable recommendations on standardization of processes and controls.  Tesla is seeking an experienced cybersecurity auditor to plan, execute, lead, and report on operational, information security, and technical transformation audits. This position is responsible for leading complex activities associated with completing technical security assessments (audits), as well as performing other short-term projects to provide recommendations on standardizing controls within corporate, product, and manufacturing IT environments. What You’ll Do Perform cybersecurity assessments to evaluate Tesla’s end-to-end security posture. Perform infrastructure security design consulting, including web security reviews. Conduct penetration tests and risk assessments over IT environments (applications, infrastructure, cloud, etc.) Take on complex challenges while being able to clearly articulate the problem statement and tactical plans/recommendation to management stakeholders. Independently lead assessment and risk prioritization, audit program development, work paper documentation, testing, controls evaluation. Interact extensively with IT, InfoSec, and Engineering teams and be comfortable executing projects in areas of product security, cloud security, data security, vulnerability management, end point security, and/or network security. Build and grow strong relationship with senior management. Manage management requests regarding internal control assessments, process and procedure evaluations, special investigations and internal control education. What You’ll Bring 6+ years of years of demonstrated real world experience performing grey and black box penetration testing as a pentester Must be proficient in any of the following: PowerShell Empire, SPLUNK, Metasploit Framework, Cobalt Strike, Burp Suite, Canvas, Kali Linux, IPTables, Sysinternals, A/V evasion methodologies, Exploit Dev Rich experience exploiting vulnerabilities Knowledge of exploitation concepts including phishing and social engineering tactics, buffer overflows, fuzzing, SQLi, MiTM, covert channels, secure tunneling and open source exfiltration techniques Experience with scripting and development languages (e.g., Bash, PowerShell, Python, Perl, Ruby, PHP, C/C++, C#, Java, etc.) Proficiency in one or more scripting language. E.g. Perl, Python, Shell Scripting etc Strong understanding of web application and web security Senior level network experience. PCAP interpretation and parsing, understanding of L1-8 protocols Bachelor’s degree in MIS, Computer Science, or related field or equivalent experience. At least one professional certification required such as CISSP, GPEN, OSCP or other applicable professional certification. Familiarity and understanding of major professional audit frameworks, cybersecurity laws and regulations (NIST, ISO 27001, ITIL, COBIT, PCI-DSS, etc.). Leadership skills (ability to take charge, confidence to interact with all levels, set objectives, drive results, and a team player).

What to Expect We are looking for a highly skilled and motivated Global Supply Manager to support our development teams and contract manufacturing partners in the sourcing of Direct Supply Chain components and parts.  These could include specific parts related to one of our four automobiles (Model S, Model X Model 3¸ and/or Model Y), Tesla Energy, Batteries and/or any other components intrinsic to the successful running of the organization. This role will report to our Supply Chain Group Manager and in parallel be an active sourcing resource supporting our various Engineering groups within Tesla. What You’ll Do Owner of RFQ's - ensuring all commercial terms are agreed and documented. Ensures Non-Disclosure Agreements, General Terms & Conditions, Piece Price Agreements, and other related contracts are negotiated and appropriately before business is initiated. Drive piece price and tooling negotiation process to ensure that Tesla’s commodity pricing met Best-In-Class expectations, while meeting Supplier Industrialization standards of Best-In-Class quality, in addition to driving continual cost reduction and avoidance initiatives through ad-hoc price negotiations. Address all areas of category management including category business plans, market conditions, technology roadmaps, cost modeling, and sourcing strategies.  Monitor global industry trends, track technology roadmaps, and actively partner with the Design teams to identify/mitigate supply and demand challenges. Manage respective supplier relationships and performance, including but not limited to dispute resolution, supplier scorecards, and periodic business reviews. Participate in design reviews, change control meetings, and other technical discussions with Engineering partners. Participate in Design for Manufacturability reviews with Engineering partners and prospective suppliers, and drive decisions from a cost perspective. Ability to understand technical drawings and specifications as well as basic knowledge of manufacturing process controls and quality assurance for their commodity space. Comfortable communicating with technical stakeholders both internally and externally. Lead cross-functional teams to manage project timelines including developing and maintaining action trackers, Gantt charts, and other program management tools related to on-time delivery of supplier parts against Program timing. Communicate key supply, cost, and/or quality issues with management teams.  Develop corrective action plans to mitigate identified risks. Ability to build and maintain relationships with cross-functional teams and influence timely decisions with key stakeholders to support our mission. What You’ll Bring Bachelor’s degree in Business, Supply Chain, Operations Management, Engineering or Chemistry and/or equivalent experience or evidence of exceptional ability.  Master’s degree in related areas, a plus. 5+ years of experience in supply chain management, or commodity management associated to metal stamping. Experience with mechanical and/or electrical engineering concepts related to the commodity and ability to generate bottom-up should costs based on the understanding of manufacturing process. Technical & commercial understanding of tooling and manufacturing processes on metal forming. Experience with mechanical engineering concepts related to the commodity and ability to generate bottom-up should costs based on the understanding of manufacturing process. Proficient knowledge of technical requirements & design of the product and be able to influence cross functional partners with detailed analysis that supports optimized pricing and product sourcing decisions. Excellent negotiator. Ability to travel up to 25% of the time. Analytical with ability to build out Should-Cost models and cost forecasts.

What to Expect The Role:  Tesla is looking for a Utility Field Service Technician to work across the entire Tesla organization to problem solve and ensure the success of our large-scale utility energy assets. Tesla needs a diversely talented and skilled technician ready to move quickly in order to keep our systems fully operational. The primary job is to service, troubleshoot, or upgrade stationary battery equipment and medium to high voltage equipment as needed. Applicants should be self-motivated team players with a positive attitude! What You’ll Do Responsibilities:  Troubleshoot and repair equipment as defined by the service engineering team.  Be ready to travel for extended periods of time covering multiple locations.  Perform required preventative maintenance activities on stationary battery systems to maintain warranty coverage.  Perform tasks requiring a high level of skill and patience.  Comfort working on a utility site and maintaining a safety focus.  Operate a variety of hand tools, power tools, diagnostic and measuring equipment.  Develop and follow best practices and procedures for various maintenance activities related to Tesla Energy equipment.  Maintain high levels of communication and feedback within the Tesla Energy service organization; prepare daily updates of work completed, problems identified, and future timelines.  Have flexibility to provide support outside your region and possibly outside the country as required.  Perform other related duties as assigned per our growth and diversity across applications. What You’ll Bring Requirements:  High School Diploma or GED  2+ years maintenance or electrical experience  Ability to navigate NEC guidelines and knowledge of NFPA 70E practices. Previous electrical trades experience working with power/hand tools, electrical equipment, isolation meters and multimeters (Oscilloscopes is a plus). Attend site daily and travel up to 2 weeks at a time with short notice and flexibility to work on weekends and overtime. Ability to work at great heights, work in extreme environments, perform prolonged periods of repetitious duties, lift at least 50 pounds frequently. Must have and maintain a valid driver’s license and an acceptable and safe driving record. Strong computer skills. Comfort with Microsoft office and cloud-based computing programs. Ability to communicate and function well in a mobile office setting.  CPR & Low Voltage Rescue  SCADA experience is a plus.  Must be reliable, have good initiative, committed, and quality focused.

What to Expect Tesla Motors is looking for a Collision Technician to work on one of the most progressive vehicle brands in the world. If you are interested in becoming a part of a world class service team supporting the latest EV technology, we are interested in hearing from you.   What You’ll Do Follow Standards and work in Teams Perform Structural and cosmetic repairs on Tesla Model S, Model X, and Model 3 vehicles in accordance with Tesla specific Repair procedures. Use Celette Frame Jigs for setting New Structural Components Glue, Rivet, and Weld structural components being replaced. Repair exterior cosmetic panels via Metal Finishing and body filler. Replace all parts associated with collision repair including body panels, suspension parts, vehicle structure, Radiators, Airbags and Trim. Proficient in Mig Welding What You’ll Bring 5+ years experience as an automotive collision repair Technician Excellent attitude and Enjoys working with others in teams. Neat and organized work habits. I car Mig Welding certification a plus High school diploma or equivalent; Vocational Certificate in Collision Repair is a plus. Valid Driver’s License and a good driving record. Capable of reading and comprehending automotive repair procedures. Must be at least 18 years of age

What to Expect The candidate will work as a member of Tesla’s Quality Operations at GigaFactory Texas to lead, support and advise on all materials-related test activities with focus on polymeric materials. The position will be based in Austin, Texas within the Materials Test Lab. What You’ll Do Lead the test and performance evaluation of polymeric materials in a wide variety of raw materials, components, and assemblies across all Tesla products. Assess risk within upcoming projects and ensure applicable materials tests are completed within demanding project timelines. Development of new test and evaluation methods for assessing the use of various polymeric materials and systems. Conduct failure analysis investigations in an extremely fast-paced, high-pressure environment. Interface with a broad spectrum of internal customers to drive concerns to a root cause and effective resolution. Independently complete materials tests and issue reports for approval. Create and manage “Concerns” documentation to facilitate and trace corrective actions to a resolution. Work with internal engineering teams and external suppliers to identify process-related failure modes, validation. Lead materials test technicians to support test setup, test execution, and interpret test results. What You’ll Bring M.S. or Ph.D. in Materials Sciences, Chemistry, or similar. B.S. candidates with exceptional work experience will also be considered. Minimum 5 years of experience preferred. Exhibit a diverse knowledge of polymeric automotive polymeric materials and their manufacturing techniques. Experiences in plastics, rubber, coatings, and adhesives are highly desired. Extensive experiences in operating a diverse range of materials testing equipment, including sample preparation machines, UTS, FTIR, DSC, TGA, optical and electronic microscopes, and X-ray CT. Broad understanding of failure modes in polymeric materials and joint systems. Experience of working with hazardous materials with a willingness to exhibit and promote health and safety across the team. Strong interpersonal and communication skills to establish effective working relationships. Broad experience of working and leading cross functional teams to drive product and specification development and a demonstrated ability to influence the direction of design based on test results. Must be able to effectively handle multiple priorities, organize workload, meet deadlines and manage time independently. Maintain top level professional integrity and appearance.

What to Expect Tesla is looking for a motivated and accomplished Technical Program Manager who will be responsible for managing Logistics programs related to North America production materials. This position is based in Fremont, CA.  In this role, you will be asked to work with carriers and supply chain teams to define and improve the KPIs for internal and external Logistics Operations, work cross-functionally with teams to achieve operational excellence by bridging gaps between operations and systems, and to champion data integrity initiatives to provide world-class data analytics across the supply chain.  The role requires a passion for driving multi-disciplinary projects, and an unparalleled ability to pull people together to make things happen. This requires you to be extremely detail oriented, identify hard barriers, decouple risks from critical path activities and drive the cross-functional teams to execute quickly at high quality. You will drive collaboration between Carriers, Planning, Suppliers, Warehousing, Manufacturing, and Production to ensure our team’s goals are aligned with company priorities. You will work to understand the opportunities and challenges of each project, translate scattered information into a concise and complete message, document and communicate to every team member. You will aim to make our team efficient and effective while reducing ambiguity from programs. Tesla is a demanding and fast-paced environment, so being self‐motivated and disciplined is critical. Managing the schedules, budget, and resources of projects at our organization requires an individual who is passionate about our mission and is focused on collaborative solutions. What You’ll Do Dive deep to fundamentally understand and scrutinize technical stakeholders requirements and translate them into actionable results and project scope with clear execution plan and responsibilities. Define Carrier KPIs and develop reports to align on accuracy and initiate projects to improve internal and/or external performance. Synthesize and own report-outs, highlighting status, risks, mitigations, and opportunities across all levels of management within Tesla. Fundamentally understand stakeholder’s requirements and translate them into project deliverables. Proactively seek out and coordinate all technical and business information required from the numerous customers and stakeholders and transform this into a detailed space creation plan for design/construction to execute. Manage all aspects of technical planning, scope development, programming, design, and engineering during planning phase of project. Build and maintain strong relationships with the various cross-functional teams to ensure overall program alignment. Influence various teams without direct reporting structure  Demonstrate the agility required to quickly shift focus between tasks in order to deliver on multiple projects. What You’ll Bring Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience in Logistics & Supply Chain Data required. Experience and understanding of Logistics and Supply Chain data. 10 years preferred. Experience in working with internal and external Logistics carriers. Excel, SQL, Python, and Tableau like skills required. Ability to effectively execute many projects and tasks in parallel. Excellent communication and documentation skills with ability to understand complex problems and distill the message into a clear plan. Communicate with technical and non-technical team members effectively. Positive, enthusiastic, fast learner, can-do mindset and passionate about manufacturing improvements. Strong visual skills to represent sequencing and dependencies to executives. Thrives under pressure and in ambiguous environments.

What to Expect Tesla Motors is looking for an experienced Service Advisor to work on one of the most progressive vehicle brands in the world. This position requires a high-level customer and employee interaction, so the ideal candidate will not only possess the technical acumen, but also the ability to provide a strong level of customer service. If you are interested in becoming a part of a world-class service team supporting the latest EV technology, we are interested in hearing from you. What You’ll Do  Answer Phone Calls, Emails and Drive In’s to address any customer concern with the highest level of response and attention  Return missed phone calls, email in no less than 5 minutes  Determine if technical solution can be resolved over the phone; escalate immediately to Shop Foreman / Service Manager to provide immediate attention  Accurately record issues and data into Dealer Management System. Attention to detail critical  Conduct Transactions w/ system; walk customer through correction and provide summary  Communicate estimated completion time, regular updates and follow through on each customer vehicle  Coordinate the detail of every vehicle prior to delivery  Coordinate the delivery time or pick up with each customer  Follow up with Customer on services provided; ensure they are satisfied with the work performed What You’ll Bring  Knowledge of methods, techniques, parts, tools and materials used in the maintenance and repair of vehicles  Experience in operational use and maintenance of a wide variety of hand power tools, shop tools, and automotive and electrical test equipment  Understanding of basic automotive techniques related to repair and servicing of automobiles  Ability to follow oral and written instructions with attention to detail  Willingness to learn new and innovative automotive technologies  Ability to establish and maintain cooperative working relationships with those contacted in the course of work to include the public  Perform detailed daily record keeping and reporting  Effectively handle multiple priorities, organize workload, and meet deadlines  Work in a team-based environment and achieve common goal  High School diploma or equivalent  Dealer Management System(s), Outlook, and MS Office  Associate Degree or certificate in Automotive Technology, preferred  Retail automotive service experience, preferred  Must have and maintain a valid driver’s license and an acceptable and safe driving record  Must have two years of driving experience

The Role The Dojo Compiler team is looking for a Software QA Engineer to work in Palo Alto, CA.  As part of the team developing Tesla’s homegrown AI training accelerator, you will be responsible for writing coverage tests, maintaining test suites, and triaging failures.  You will file bugs and follow up with engineers to assure delivery of a reliable product.  Responsibilities Coordinate with team for needs & requirements Write functional & performance tests Maintain checkin test suite to minimize escapes Maintain nightly test suite for coverage Triage test failures Track failures back to the responsible compiler code File bugs to track failures with clear summary of findings  Requirements Bachelors degree in CS or experience in a relevant field Comfortable reading & debugging assembly code Python scripting experience Shell scripting experience  Nice to Have Three or more years of industry experience in SW verification/QA Experience debugging multi-core & multi-threaded workloads Comfort reading & debugging C/C++ code Familiarity with PyTorch Familiarity with Jenkins Familiarity with IEEE floating point

What to Expect Disclaimer: This position is expected to start around May/June and continue through August/September. Internships are in-person for 40 hours a week for a minimum of 12 weeks. Please consider before submitting an application.   International Students: If your work authorization is through CPT, please consult your school before applying. You must be able to work 40 hours per week. Many students will be limited to part-time depending on their academic standing.   Internship Programs at Tesla The Internship Recruiting Team is driven by the passion to recognize emerging talent. Our year-round program places the best students in positions that they will grow both technically and personally through their experience working closely with their Manager, Mentor, and team. We are dedicated to providing an experience that allows for the intern to experience life at Tesla by given them projects that are critical to their team’s success.   Locations Palo Alto, CA   About the Team As a Frontend Intern, you will take part in the design and development of current and next generation Vehicle Software platforms. In this role, you’ll be developing highly complex applications with a goal of streamlining business operations while improving overall user experience. The ideal candidate is a self-starter with a strong desire to increase efficiencies and make an impact while contributing to a cross-functional team. Your ability to creatively collaborate and execute team goals will affect scalability and directly contribute to the company mission of accelerating the world’s transition to sustainable energy. What You’ll Do Work directly with engineers and technicians to design new streamlined user experiences. Improve and maintain web-based software platforms. Debug issues in production, root cause and apply fixes in timely manner. Participate in architectural improvements to support our growing user base. Improve application security. Write new React components in support of new features. Improve reliability, scalability and performance of Tesla’s internal platforms. What You’ll Bring Currently pursuing a Bachelors or Masters in Computer Science or a related field. Strong working knowledge of modern JavaScript frameworks (Backbone.js, Angular.js, React.js, Typescript). Strong CSS skills, experience working with CSS pre-compilers (SASS, LESS, etc.). Experience creating user flows, wireframes, and prototypes. Experience in building a performant reactive UI with dense time-series data. Excellent interpersonal, communication, and collaboration skills.

What to Expect Tesla is seeking a highly motivated and organized Fulfilment Operations Manager to join our Global Merchandise & Vehicle Accessories team. This candidate will be responsible for leading a wide variety of cross-functional projects from start to closure focused on our fulfillment operations within the business. Tesla Shop: shop.tesla.com  What You’ll Do Role: Work closely with our warehouse team in Lathrop, CA to focus on ensuring our same-day / next-day fulfillment metrics are maintained by identifying the non-fillable and fillable backlog daily Daily tasks around fulfillment will include but are not limited to: Monitoring systematic customer order failures Managing new product launches from a fulfillment standpoint (receiving, packaging, global trade compliance, returns, part number implementation etc.) Cancelling non-fillable orders Evaluating and implementing fixes to product oversell Tracking and root causing fulfillment performance issues and system failures Coordinating daily adhoc requests Analyzing outbound failures (including mis-shipments, bounce back outbound shipments) Planning for resource allocation / warehouse headcount Restructure and maintain our existing retail operations in the locations that currently have physical displays in North America Open new retail locations in North America by evaluating customer trends/data in locations where store display matches the goals of Tesla’s overall business Expand our TeslaOne store application in close partnership with our systems development team as we continue to open up Sales, Service, Delivery locations. Lead and own assigned projects, take actions and provide direction to ensure successful and timely product launches and overall existing inventory and fulfillment operations are maintained What You’ll Bring  Bachelor’s or Master’s degree or equivalent experience 3+ years of experience in e-commerce, warehouse or fulfillment operations, and/or merchandise and vehicle accessory warehouse management with evidence of customer impact and evidence of exceptional ability Strong analytical skills with ability to query data from various systems to solve problems Motivated and self-starter mindset with extreme attention to detail Excellent written and verbal communications across technical and non-technical stakeholders Strategic thinker with proven experience of ability to recognize, influence and maximize engagement with stakeholders Ability to work in a dynamic, growing business unit and ability to flex and multi-task to meet deadlines and work in a fast-paced environment Able to make timely decisions, anticipate problems and provide creative solutions

What to Expect Disclaimer: This position is expected to start around January 2023 and continue through the entire Winter/Spring term (i.e. through April/May) or into early Summer 2023 if available. We ask for a minimum of 12 weeks, full-time, for most internships. Please consider before submitting an application. International Students: If your work authorization is through CPT, please consult your school before applying. You must be able to work 40 hours per week. Many students will be limited to part-time during the academic year. INTERNSHIP PROGRAM OVERVIEW The Tesla internship program invites a select group of students to participate in their Spring internship program. This unique opportunity allows for college students to get hands-on experience with some of the best minds in the industry, while also learning about cutting-edge technology and sustainable transportation. The company offers various types of internships that range from engineering roles to financial positions. Reporting to the Staff Project Manager, Sales and Service Training, the Training Project Manager, Intern will oversee project management for training initiatives within Tesla Sales, Service, Delivery and Collision business units. This individual will leverage their continuous improvement mindset to ensure training operations are clearly defined through standard operating procedures, projects are documented and tracked, and the team is working efficiently. They have a proven record of accomplishment for managing deliverables on time with accuracy.  What You’ll Do  Collaborate with Training Operations leadership to establish, execute, and scale project management practices across Sales, Service and Collision training teams and multiple geographies (NAM, EMEA, APAC)  Leverage enterprise project management principles and concepts and how to apply that knowledge towards successful implementation  Communicate clearly to a wide range of stakeholders (verbal, written)  Use analytical and problem-solving skills to organize and prioritize projects and tasks  Support workflow management, role governance, issue structure/metadata, and other functions  Manage and drive strategic and process focused initiatives that support the training infrastructure  Support efforts to secure buy-in and alignment throughout all stages of the ADDIE process  Ensure projects adhere to defined scope, budget, schedule, and other project boundaries  Manage project risks, develop contingency plans, and actively communicate updates and changes to all relevant stakeholders  Update project management tools and leverage to provide visibility of strategy, timelines, communication, training, and success metrics  Support the communication of operational dashboards and roadmaps relevant to various levels of leadership and key stakeholders   Track project progress and follow-up with accountable parties   Gather feedback and propose process improvement recommendations for optimal training outcomes Attributes  You work smart (not just hard), and know how to drive projects, meet deadlines and get things done. You have a bias for action and are proactive.  You don’t sweat the small stuff, but also understand the importance of paying close attention to detail and being very precise.  You can work both autonomously and collaboratively, and you will be effective at juggling and prioritizing multiple competing tasks in a fast-paced, challenging environment.  You are a quick and flexible learner: intellectually curious, open-minded, adaptable, comfortable with ambiguity and risk, and excited by dynamic change.   You inspire trust, forge relationships quickly, and earn the confidence and cooperation of your business partners.  You have high standards, integrity, and ethics.What You’ll Bring Bachelor’s degree in business, training, or a related field preferred  This position requires the ability to work independently with limited direct supervision  The Intern will demonstrate the ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment, work independently, and apply the correct level of urgency to achieve a mutually accepted solution  Excellent communication skills (verbal and written) liaising with both technical and non-technical professionals  Familiarity with a project management system  Understanding of the ADDIE process  Compelling written and verbal communication skills  Strong presentation skills to audiences comprised of all levels of leadership  Highly motivated, self-starter able to work autonomously and drive the work they own forward effectively  Ability to work in a fast paced, ambiguous environment managing multiple projects, priorities, and urgent issues simultaneously 

What to Expect Tesla is seeking a dynamic Associate Environmental, Safety, And Health (EHS) Specialist to join the Environmental, Health and Safety Team (EHS). The role will support various facilities environmental health and safety (EHS) programs for Tesla’s Cell Manufacturing, Seats Manufacturing and R&D locations in Fremont, CA. Programs of focus include Fall Protection, Electrical Safety, Lock out tag out, hoisting/rigging, confined space, and. Reporting to the Sr. EHS Staff for Plant Operations in the California Bay Area region, this role will be responsible for partnering with EHS leads and cross-functional team members. Be part of the Tesla EHS Team that builds capacity, provides solutions, and drives continuous improvement throughout the Global Tesla Organization.  What You’ll Do Ensure Tesla operates in compliance with all federal, state, and local EHS regulations; Identify, assess, and control EHS risks; Perform incident analysis to determine causal factors and the most appropriate corrective actions; Perform compliance inspections, and utilize tracking tools to issue recommendations and corrective actions to responsible stakeholders; Develop, track, and report EHS metrics; and, Develop and manage EHS programs, procedures and Work Instructions. What You’ll Bring Bachelor’s degree in Environmental Science, Occupational Health or other Environmental Health and Safety related discipline; 1-5 years of experience supporting multi-media environmental compliance programs; Demonstrated ability to work efficiently, prioritize workflow, meet demanding deadlines, and manage multi-faceted projects in a fast-paced environment, where demands and priorities change rapidly; Ability to communicate effectively with production employees, engineers, legal counsel, technical specialists, and management, cross functionally, in a multi-disciplinary, global environment; General foundational knowledge of EHS laws (OSHA, EPA, DOT, Cal-OSHA, etc.), regulations, and standards; Excellent written and verbal communication skills; Strong analytical, problem solving and decision-making skills; Evidence of exceptional ability.

What to Expect The Plastics Engineer will be responsible for the development of plastics manufacturing processes, equipment/tooling alternatives, sequence, and flow of operations for the effective utilization of personnel, material, machines, and facilities necessary for production. Implement, develop, and optimize production methodologies in the manufacturing operations of Tesla. Optimize product flow through the factory through process optimization that may include tool/fixture selection, line layouts, ergonomic study, material presentation, and other relevant factors.  Interface with design, test, and quality engineering to solve problems, improve manufacturability, and implement continual improvement.  Sustain products with cost reduction and yield improvements.  Work with quality to compile and evaluate data to determine appropriate limits and variables for process or material specifications.  What You’ll Do  Analyze and optimize production processes to ensure safety while maximizing yield, capacity, and capability in cost effective means while driving to achieve world-class quality levels.  Develop and modify line layouts, including material flow, waste reduction, and ergonomics, utilizing Lean Manufacturing best practices.  Monitor and audit manufacturing processes to ensure product specifications and standards are achieved.  Create and maintain Manufacturing Instructions, routings, and associated processes.  Participate in the transition of a product from concept to pilot line production and into mass manufacturing.  Apply technical knowledge to innovate, design and develop processes, tooling, assembly fixtures and procedures.  Participate in the development and maintenance of FMEAs and Control Plans.  Monitor and reduce process variation using Statistical Process Control.  Implement and support Lean manufacturing and 5S initiatives.  Analyze, develop, process, and implement Engineering Change Orders.  Responsible for continues process optimization  Lead and assist production in all quality and process related topics and issues.  Support and assist maintenance team in troubleshooting difficult breakdowns and chronic equipment failures.  Set up of injection processes to achieve high quality parts. Execution of DOEs as needed to improve production processes. Execute tooling design changes as needed to improve product quality and production performance. Efficient material flow, design, construction, integration, plant installation, successful launch and continuous improvement of equipment and tools required in plants for production of high-quality parts.  Work may involve development and testing of advanced process technology.  What You’ll Bring  B.S. in Mechanical, Manufacturing/Industrial, or Electrical Engineering; or the equivalent in experience and evidence of exceptional ability.  Minimally 3 years of experience in a manufacturing environment preferred.  Scientific Molding methodology experience preferred (e.g. Master Mold I & II). Must possess process engineering skills (process development/improvement, troubleshooting, data analysis, constraint analysis, flow optimization, root cause analysis, etc.) Familiarity with GD&T standards as applied to product design and tooling design Strong team working skills at all levels of an organization, especially skilled at working with direct labor to understand challenges and work on developing optimal solutions using structured methods.  Good understanding of BOMs, manufacturability, process design, process validation, assembly methods, design reviews and cost reduction methodologies.  Experience breaking down high-level (e.g. device level) performance issues into addressable action items. Capable of identifying critical process parameters and applying statistics to process measurement and control.  Ability to manage smaller projects and assignments with medium level of autonomy and accountability for results.  Prior injection molding experience “operations or processing” preferred. Prior robotics and programming experience preferred.

What to Expect Come join a team of dynamic and deeply knowledgeable engineers that strive to build the most robust and reliable embedded systems that run EV charging systems and the renewable microgrids that power them. You will contribute to solving some of the most exciting problems in the embedded software space and change the way the world produces electric vehicles and delivers energy. In this role, you will be working with the hardware and control teams to design, implement, and test software running on embedded platforms that control switching power converters. You will be responsible for delivering high quality embedded code, power electronic controllers, and DSP peripherals running on the processors at the heart of Tesla vehicles and production lines. The work is exciting and fun, pushing the technology envelope in an open, collaborative, and supportive environment. Help us put that clean energy in our amazing vehicles, and work with a diverse team around the world deploying reliable power to all corners of the globe. What You’ll Do Develop, enhance and debug new and existing real-time firmware in C for power conversion systems.  Deliver high-quality C code in a safety critical real-time embedded environment.  Work closely with the hardware and control teams to specify hardware actuation and sensing requirements.  Develop and optimize firmware, along with peripheral drivers and control systems for switching power electronics.  Specify, design, and implement functionality and behaviors of embedded subsystems.  Drive firmware development for performance, scalability, robustness, and tight integration with the hardware.  Hands-on with hardware bring up, build and enforce component validation for delivering robust, functional code.  Implement continuous improvements and best practices within the team, and larger organization.  Collaboration with other engineering groups inside Tesla What You’ll Bring Minimum of 2 years of relevant experience in real-time embedded software development.  BS or MS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or the equivalent in experience with evidence of exceptional ability.  Proficiency in C.  Strong software fundamentals including firmware architecture, algorithm development, data structures, code modularity, and maintainability.  Experience with reading electrical schematics and understanding circuit behavior.  Knowledge of microcontroller peripherals such as timers, ADC, GPIO, PWM and SPI.  Familiarity with control loops and PID controllers.  Ability to collaborate and communicate complex technical concepts  Bonus Skills:  Experience with C++  Knowledge of version control (Git) and continuous integration (Jenkins, Docker, SCons).  Understanding of physics, basic EE principles, and basic control with previous experience in power conversion field or validating highly complex and mission critical embedded system.  Good understanding with MISRA C/unit test or other code quality standard.

What to Expect Tesla is currently seeking a motivated Technical Project Manager (TPM) to support Global Factory Design projects for Vehicle and Energy Products. This role focuses on managing layout and material flow from concept design through handoff of a fully detailed plan to Operations. This role will involve the coordination between multiple cross functional teams and ensure the most effective design of manufacturing shops across factories and identify best practices to carry forward to future factories. Strong engineering and project management fundamentals are required. It is critical for a successful applicant to solve problems using first principles analysis, and exercise aggressive design optimization. This position will be based in Reno/Sparks, NV. The team is responsible for developing a factory design which supports seamless integration between production, packaging, material flow, supply chain, construction, and facilities teams. Innovation is expected. Through a detailed understanding of the high-level factory objectives and extensive collaboration with the internal and external teams designing individual factory components, this team ensures that the overall factory design achieves all of Tesla’s objectives.  The ideal candidate will excel in a demanding and fast-paced environment where they will work as part of a strong, agile, and highly motivated team to accomplish some of the most ambitious projects being attempted in any industry today. The candidate will be able to think at a systems level to design optimal material delivery systems and factory layouts while making reasonable assumptions.  What You’ll Do Manage resources, timeline and budgets for the design and implementation of new layouts and material flow processes  Challenge internal teams and external partners to think creatively to push the boundaries of current thinking  Clearly communicate priorities and identify/resolve critical path items to ensure on-time delivery of new designs Immediately develop mitigation plans to address risks and delays, escalating critical issues to senior management for visibility and support where required Develop/maintain collaborative working relationships with internal Tesla teams and vendors based on strong ethics, effective & open communication, and an emphasis on teamwork. Produce weekly progress reports that accurately reflect the status of the project with clear visuals and concise summaries Plan and lead the smooth handoff to the local operations teams What You’ll Bring Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering or Finance (or equivalent technical experience)  5+ years technical project management experience, manufacturing/supply chain/construction preferred PMP certification preferred Ability to quickly understand new technical concepts at a working level Experience managing multiple large projects concurrently with complex work streams and high degrees of variation/uncertainty Ability to quickly resolve conflicts while maintaining strong team relationships  Comfortable working with ambiguous data Experience creating and presenting program-level schedules and developing clear visuals to describe relevant project objectives/issues Strong communicator at all organizational levels

What to Expect Tesla’s Supplier Industrialization team is responsible for critical component development and qualification activities at suppliers. The job involves communicating well with internal and external teams, traveling to suppliers in different regions, and on-the-spot critical decision making. The goal: delivering on time quantities of high-quality component parts into Tesla’s production processes to enable extremely rapid development cycles and product launches. What You’ll Do Plan, organize, direct and conduct industrialization related activities within the supply chain team. Develop, Manage, Audit, Improve and Correct supplier planning and execution of component manufacturing and assembly techniques and quality control processes from the advanced development phase to mass production qualification Provide leadership for New Product Introduction (NPI) at Suppliers Lead supplier improvements in scalability, cost, and quality. Facilitate communication and clarification of technical requirements between Suppliers and Tesla Purchasing, Quality, and Design teams. Accountable for supplier audits to ensure their ability to meet part performance, delivery, and reliability expectations. Collaborate with Tesla Design, Quality, and Manufacturing to determine the ideal performance specifications and supplier metrics. Accountable for leading, tracking and improving supplier manufacturing process development and launch readiness for new products and design changes. Guide suppliers in developing exceptionally robust processes and procedures to promote efficient and seamless production of high quality products. Validate supplier corrective actions involving design and/or process changes to ensure they are robust, sustainable, and implemented for similar potential concerns across manufacturing lines and/or suppliers. Provide input on new or alternative materials for improved design, manufacturability, or cost reduction. What You’ll Bring Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical / Mechanical / Industrial / Manufacturing Engineering or evidence of experience and exceptional ability. 5+ years of assembly plant experience supporting electric motor, geartrain, and/or rotating assembly oil and lubrication systems or similar in a Supplier Quality, Quality Engineering, or Manufacturing Engineering role. Experience in Quality Systems a plus: PPAP/APQP processes. In-depth knowledge of Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing (GD&T) and inspection. Possess demonstrable leadership abilities. Previous experience managing safety critical parts. Ability to communicate and direct supplier activities at the management level. Proven results in meeting customer requirements and expectations. Ability to define and execute a project using project management techniques. Ability to thrive in a fast paced, dynamic environment. Excellent team building skills in dealing with suppliers, peers and other functional areas. Strong technical writing ability and an ability to explain complex issues in a concise and plain manner. Must be familiar with SPC and data analysis. An average of 30 - 40% travel, possibly on short notice.

What to Expect Our Tesla Service Technicians are members of the largest technician team on the planet, working together in pursuit of our mission to accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy. Joining Tesla, means being a part of a team of the most talented Technicians and Engineers on the planet, working on cutting edge automotive technology and on the most advanced cars in production today. Our Technicians are the heart of every service location and we rely on their expertise in process improvement and in the delivery of the best service and products to our customers. We want you to elevate your professional growth through a combination of programs and on the job training, accelerating your career and unlocking your potential. With a global presence, we want to support your growth and career wherever life may take you. Our expectation is that you bring your full self to work each day, deliver high quality product, provide exceptional customer service, and help support our mission. What You’ll Do Execute basic and advanced diagnostic and repair work on all aspects of Tesla product line Work independently and as a team to drive maximum repair efficiency Provide feedback to Tesla design and engineering teams directly to enable continuous improvement of repair procedures and products. Participate with a collaborative, inclusive, and respectful attitude in an ever-changing dynamic environment. Enjoy your company supplied laptop to support diagnostics and provide online training opportunities Operate a variety of top-of-the-line hand, power, and shop tools Consistently and concisely detail and document repairs Inspect and maintain shop equipment and request replacement as required Partner with other teams to ensure delivery of an exceptional product by cleaning and detailing vehicles, as needed Assist with onboarding and training of new technicians to help upskill the team What You’ll Bring High School Diploma or Associate Degree/Certificate, or work experience in a related technology space (aeronautics, engines, electrical, ships, etc.) Demonstrated ability to learn new technologies and processes, and adapt to change Ability to innovate, solve complex issues, and present new ideas Ability to follow oral and written instructions with attention to detail Proven ability to effectively handle multiple priorities, organize workload, and meet deadlines Section 609 Refrigerant handling certification preferred

What to Expect Tesla is seeking a highly motivated Software Engineer for the Wireless Systems team to help develop best in class telematics solutions. The role involves embedded software design, development and validation of wireless telematics systems across cellular (LTE and 5G), WiFi and Bluetooth technologies for Tesla vehicle platforms (S, 3, X, Y, ). The position requires working closely with cross-functional teams as well as external suppliers. Ability to work independently, and creatively solving challenging design problems is of paramount importance. This position involves working in a dynamic and fast-pace environment with tight timing constraints. What You’ll Do Contribute to Tesla’s wireless connectivity stack – Cellular, WiFi, Bluetooth/BLE. Develop telemetry and analytics platform enabling data collection, analysis and visualization of data reported from Tesla fleet. Contribute to test automation frameworks to validate existing and new connectivity features. Provide support to QA, manufacturing, and other software teams. Root-cause issues reported by QA teams and customer feedback. Contribute to rapid prototyping and evaluation of Tesla’s next generation wireless platforms. Implement continuous improvements and best practices within the team, and larger organization.  What You’ll Bring BS in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, Electrical Engineering or proof of exceptional skills in related fields with practical software engineering experience Good understanding of Embedded Systems and OS concepts (Linux/RTOS). Good understanding of computer architecture, data structures and algorithms. Skilled at C/C++, Python, Shell scripts. Good understanding of networking concepts (Ethernet, TCP/IP, etc.). Familiarity with wireless technologies (Cellular/WiFi/Bluetooth/BLE) is a big plus. Familiarity with embedded interfaces (UART, I2C, I2S, SPI, CAN, PCIe, etc.) is a plus.

What to Expect The Service Installer is an essential part of Tesla’s Field Energy Operations team. Employees working in this role are leading the drive towards completing Tesla’s mission—to accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy. As a Service Installer, each employee is working with the latest solar technology, building relationships with team members, and completing the installation of our products safely and on time. Tesla’s ideal candidate will have a passion for learning basic energy system construction, terminology, and concepts. This position is an hourly role that requires working outside in extreme environments, working at heights, and prolonged periods of repetitious duties including lifting, bending, and standing for long periods. What You’ll Do Supporting the Crew Lead and Electrician on the successful maintenance of Tesla’s solar products.  Attending weekly team meetings and mandatory training sessions on new products, best installation and maintenance practices, and standard workmanship guidelines.  Pull inventory and ensure all materials are available to complete the job.  Work cooperatively with a team on residential re-roofs and installing Solar Roof.  Following building standards and codes when installing panels and support structures.  Managing time and tasks effectively with a sense of urgency while providing an exceptional customer experience to all customers. What You’ll Bring Ability to safely handle power tools, hand tools, ladders, roofing materials along with inverters, solar panels, panel boards, batteries, and other similar electrical equipment.  Excellent problem-solving skills.  Excellent attendance is essential for the team to achieve success.  Travel is mandatory and will vary dependent on business needs. Employees must be able to travel for up to 2 weeks at a time, several times a year to various locations within the US.  Experience in roof work (including metal, concrete tile, clay tile, comp, shingle, or wood shake), HVAC, metal fabrication, general construction or carpentry preferred but not required. Education and Experience  High school diploma or equivalent preferred.  Vocational or technical school training preferred. Physical Requirements  Must be able to work at great heights including on rooftops, climbing ladders, and stairs  Must be able to work in extreme environments (example: hot sun, cold, crawl spaces, attic etc.)  Prolonged periods of repetitious duties including lifting, bending, and standing for long periods  Must be able to lift at least 50 pounds frequently  Must meet all OSHA standards for working at heights including:  Ability to climb and utilize equipment on site including various ladders rated for a maximum capacity of 325lbs.  Must be able to meet equipment standards for fall protection (harness, anchor, ropes, etc.) with a maximum capacity of 310bs. Employee Benefits As a full time, Tesla employee, you will receive full benefits from day 1 for you and your dependents.  Kaiser and UnitedHealthcare PPO and HSA plans (including infertility coverage)  3 medical plan choices with $0 paycheck contribution  Vision & dental plans (including orthodontic coverage)  Company paid Life, AD&D, short-term and long-term disability  401(k), Employee Stock Purchase Plans, and other financial benefits  Employee Assistance Program, Paid Time Off, and Paid Holiday  Back-up childcare and employee discounts

What to Expect We are looking for a highly skilled and motivated Global Supply Manager to support our development teams and contract manufacturing partners in the sourcing of Direct Supply Chain components and parts. This person will be a member of our Supply Chain Organization supporting the development, implementation, and management of strategies to provide Tesla with optimal supply assurance, pricing, flexibility, quality, and delivery performance. The Global Supply Manager builds and leverages strong working relationships with our engineering teams and key suppliers to ensure cost, quality, and delivery targets are met. Working towards good supplier relationships and total costs of ownership to achieve maximum advantage for Tesla and our customers. Tesla is a fast moving, dynamic environment where flexibility and adaptability are key attributes needed for success. The successful candidate will be a self-starter; motivated with expert overall sourcing expertise. This role will report to our Senior Supply Chain Group Manager and in parallel be an active sourcing resource supporting our various Engineering groups within Tesla. What You’ll DoOwner of RFx's - ensuring all commercial terms are agreed and documented. Ensures Non-Disclosure Agreements, General Terms & Conditions, Piece Price Agreements, and other related contracts are negotiated and appropriately before business is initiated.Drive piece price and tooling negotiation process to ensure that Tesla’s commodity pricing met Best-In-Class expectations, while meeting Supplier Industrialization standards of Best-In-Class quality, in addition to driving continual cost reduction and avoidance initiatives through ad-hoc price negotiations.Address all areas of category management including category business plans, market conditions, technology roadmaps, cost modeling, and sourcing strategies. Monitor global industry trends, track technology roadmaps, and actively partner with the Design teams to identify/mitigate supply and demand challenges.Manage respective supplier relationships and performance, including but not limited to dispute resolution, supplier scorecards, and periodic business reviews.Participate in design reviews, change control meetings, and other technical discussions with Engineering partnersParticipate in Design for Manufacturability reviews with Engineering partners and prospective suppliers, and drive decisions from a cost perspectiveAbility to understand technical drawings and specifications as well as basic knowledge of manufacturing process controls and quality assurance for their commodity spaceComfortable communicating with technical stakeholders both internally and externally Lead cross-functional teams to manage project timelines including developing and maintaining action trackers, Gantt charts, and other program management tools related to on-time delivery of supplier parts against Program timingCommunicate key supply, cost, and/or quality issues with management teams.  Develop corrective action plans to mitigate identified risks.Ability to build and maintain relationships with cross-functional teams and influence timely decisions with key stakeholders to support our mission What You’ll Bring5+ years of experience in supply chain management, or commodity management associated to semiconductors, integrated circuits, passives and discretes.Technical & commercial understanding of tooling and manufacturing processes of semiconductors, integrated circuits, passives and discretes.Experience with engineering concepts related to the commodity and ability to generate bottom-up should costs based on the understanding of manufacturing process.Proficient knowledge of technical requirements & design of the product and be able to influence cross functional partners with detailed analysis that supports optimized pricing and product sourcing decisions.Excellent negotiator Ability to travel up to 25% of the timeAnalytical with ability to build out Should-Cost models and cost forecastsExperience with mechanical and/or electrical engineering concepts related to the commodity and ability to generate bottom-up should costs based on the understanding of manufacturing processBachelor’s degree in Business, Supply Chain, Operations Management, Engineering or Chemistry and/or equivalent experience or evidence of exceptional ability.  Master’s degree in related areas, a plus. Passionate about Tesla’s mission to accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy

What to Expect The Service Installer is an essential part of Tesla’s Field Energy Operations team. Employees working in this role are leading the drive towards completing Tesla’s mission—to accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy. As a Service Installer, each employee is working with the latest solar technology, building relationships with team members, and completing the installation of our products safely and on time. Tesla’s ideal candidate will have a passion for learning basic energy system construction, terminology, and concepts. This position is an hourly role that requires working outside in extreme environments, working at heights, and prolonged periods of repetitious duties including lifting, bending, and standing for long periods. What You’ll Do Supporting the Crew Lead and Electrician on the successful maintenance of Tesla’s solar products. Attending weekly team meetings and mandatory training sessions on new products, best installation and maintenance practices, and standard workmanship guidelines. Pull inventory and ensure all materials are available to complete the job. Work cooperatively with a team on residential re-roofs and installing Solar Roof. Following building standards and codes when installing panels and support structures. Managing time and tasks effectively with a sense of urgency while providing an exceptional customer experience to all customers.  What You’ll Bring Ability to safely handle power tools, hand tools, ladders, roofing materials along with inverters, solar panels, panel boards, batteries, and other similar electrical equipment. Excellent problem-solving skills. Excellent attendance is essential for the team to achieve success. Travel is mandatory and will vary dependent on business needs. Employees must be able to travel for up to 2 weeks at a time, several times a year to various locations within the US. Experience in roof work (including metal, concrete tile, clay tile, comp, shingle, or wood shake), HVAC, metal fabrication, general construction or carpentry preferred but not required. Education and Experience High school diploma or equivalent preferred. Vocational or technical school training preferred. Physical Requirements Must be able to work at great heights including on rooftops, climbing ladders, and stairs Must be able to work in extreme environments (example: hot sun, cold, crawl spaces, attic etc.) Prolonged periods of repetitious duties including lifting, bending, and standing for long periods Must be able to lift at least 50 pounds frequently Must meet all OSHA standards for working at heights including: Ability to climb and utilize equipment on site including various ladders rated for a maximum capacity of 325lbs. Must be able to meet equipment standards for fall protection (harness, anchor, ropes, etc.) with a maximum capacity of 310bs.

What to Expect The Safety Restraints Design and Release Engineer owns all aspects of airbag systems from inception, developing conceptual designs and production release to in-service vehicle life and any field quality concerns. This includes Tier 1 nomination & management, vehicle packaging, drawing releases, component and system validation, ensuring homologation requirements are met, plus preparation and manufacturing support. What You’ll Do Support restraint system integration work from design concept to vehicle validation. Provide engineering expertise to supplier and internal interfacing departments Studio and Vehicle Engineering, working particularly close to the CAE team to provide necessary design inputs to optimize the design and occupant restraint performance.  CAD knowledge (CATIA preferred) to package components accordingly, provide robust and efficient designs for manufacturing and general assembly processes. The candidate should be able to optimize for cost, weight and commercial targets. Basic program management skills to ensure suppliers meet timing, quality, cost and validation deliverables. Function as the main interaction point of contact for all supplier interfaces. Ability to deliver results under restrictive schedule and limited resources. Ensure failure avoidance tools and processes (DFMEA/FMA) are applied to restraint components. Oversee supplier component DVP and control system level testing to ensure desired performance is achieved prior to dynamic sled and vehicle testing. Able to analyze test results and identify adjustments required to either the restraint commodity or interfacing components, determining most effective resolution. Support dynamic sled & vehicle crash tests and homologation submissions. Knowledge of CAE analysis and restraint system integration and optimization   What You’ll Bring Good understanding and experience in Vehicle Safety Restraint Systems and/or vehicle crashworthiness is preferred (although role would also suit a good recent graduate).Engineering fundamentals and mechanical aptitude in problem-solving Effective verbal and written skills to articulate technical issues with peers and suppliers, ensure timely delivery of all components. Excellent organizational skills, self-starting and self-motivated. Demonstrated ability to multi-task on with ability to be flexible regarding evolving priorities Proficient computer skills with MS Office Suite CAD knowledge (Catia preferred)

What to Expect The supervisor will lead the team of equipment maintenance technicians that support test teams across the various test labs around the bay area. The successful candidate for this position must have experience of managing a team of technicians within a technical background, ideally within a testing/automotive environment. Having good hands-on knowledge/experience with high voltage/refrigeration systems will aid with effectively supporting the team of technicians This role will be primarily based at the Kato Road lab in Fremont, but travel will be required to support other sites around the bay area, as well as possibly some trips to other labs in the US as well as Europe Strong interpersonal and communication skills are a requirement to establish effective working relationships within the test equipment and facilities teams, as well as the wider Tesla testing group. This will be facilitated by frequent travel between the different testing labs to meet with equipment users and to ensure that the duties of the test equipment maintenance team is being fulfilled effectively. On top of this, close liaising with suppliers is vital to keep lines of communication open so that technical support can be available as/when needed The successful candidate for this position takes pride in his/her team building skills, organization skills and attention to detail.  He/she appreciates a dynamic & fast paced work environment where superior work is encouraged, noticed and rewarded. What You’ll DoOversee the maintenance of the various pieces of test equipment used by the different test teams across the different test labsHelp with the installation and commissioning of test equipment, workshop assets and facility infrastructureWork to implement and oversee preventative maintenance schedulesInteract with outside contractors and service personnel to manage equipment installation, commissioning or repair projectsApprove timecards/time off requestsRaise POs with suppliers, maintain blanket POs with local suppliersSupport Ad Hoc Work Request in support of Test and Engineering efforts as requiredMentoring of less experienced technicians as appropriate and requiredResource management, ensuring the labs have sufficient coverage from the team of technicians and that the technicians have the resources needed to perform their duties effectively What You’ll BringA minimum of 4 years of people management, ideally within an Industrial or Manufacturing environmentExperience with high voltage electrical systems (up to 480v)Experience with refrigeration systems, ideally environmental chambersPrevious experience with repair of Test Equipment preferredHands-on technical experience in diagnosing/troubleshooting equipment failures and their repairAbility to operate and maintain a wide variety of hand and power tools, shop tools and shop equipmentProficiency with basic EE tools (scopes, network analyzers, etc.)Working knowledge of Blue Prints and Schematics (electrical/hydraulic/pneumatic)  Experience with 5S or similar workplace organization methodsAbility to follow oral, written, email, and text message instructionsAbility to communicate clearly using excellent written and verbal skillsAbility to work well under pressure while managing competing demands and tight deadlinesAbility to remain engaged, proactive and positive in tough circumstances, owning assignments and taking full accountability for their successMaintain flexibility and adaptability to changing priorities and assignments, coping with rapidly changing informationWork in a team-based environment to achieve common goalsStrong organization skills with meticulous attention to detailExperience with MS office tools (Outlook/Excel/Word/PowerPoint/Project), and Adobe productsMust have valid driver’s license

What to Expect The Vehicle Movement Specialist is a key contributor to the Tesla experience by coordinating the receipt of incoming new and used vehicle inventory. This position is responsible for lot management, movement of vehicles between Tesla locations and vehicle readiness for customer delivery. Candidates must have a high level of accountability, and a personal satisfaction in doing a great job. We are hiring for part-time and full-time positions. What You’ll Do  Coordinate vehicle arrivals and inventory across multiple offsite locations  Coordinate with internal and third-party logistics providers  Generate shipping documents  Perform vehicle readiness inspections and safety checks  Observe and report vehicle concerns  Coordinate and perform vehicle movement and charging  Communicate with various teams that are involved in the vehicle delivery process  Troubleshoot issues and escalate to management through appropriate channels when needed  Conduct direct deliveries from Delivery Centers to customer homes when needed  Perform additional responsibilities as assigned to meet business needs What You’ll Bring  Valid driver’s license in the country in which you are applying, 2-year minimum driving record required with a clean driving history, and ability to be insured  Proven track record of a great work ethic  Demonstrated ability to be a team player  Ability to lift 50 - 60 pounds Compensation Compensation is based on a variety of factors including but not limited to work experience, skills, certifications, etc. Part-Time Employee Benefits As a part-time Tesla employee, you will receive:  401(k) match  Employee Assistance Program, Sick and Vacation time, and Paid Holidays  Back-up childcare and employee discounts  Dependent Care Flexible Spending Account Full-time Employee Benefits As a full-time Tesla employee, you will receive:  Full benefits from day 1 for you and your eligible dependents  Medical plan options for Kaiser, Aetna PPO and HSA (including infertility and transgender coverage)  2 medical plan choices with $0 paycheck contribution  Vision & dental plans (including orthodontic coverage)  Healthcare and Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts  Company Paid HSA Contribution when enrolled in the High Deductible Medical Plan with HSA  Company paid Life, AD&D, short-term and long-term disability  401(k) match, Employee Stock Purchase Plans, and other financial benefits  Employee Assistance Program, Sick and Vacation time (Flex Time for salary positions), and Paid Holidays  Back-up childcare and employee discounts  Voluntary plans such as critical illness, hospital indemnity, accident insurance, and pet insurance  Voluntary Identity Theft and Legal Services plans  Adoption and surrogacy benefits

The Role We are looking for an electrical, mechanical, or mechatronic engineer to join Tesla Bot actuator test team. You will need a broad engineering skillset and hands-on experience in testing geared rotating and linear electromechanical actuators. You will work with actuator design team and will be responsible for test and validation of robotic actuators. Responsibilities - Work closely with design engineers to create validation and qualification test plans. - Develop, implement, execute test plans for electromechanical robotic actuators. - Design and fabricate test fixtures and equipment for testing linear and rotary actuators. - Perform component (electric motor and geartrain) level testing, actuator level, and system/robot level testing of geared electromechanical actuators. - Work with design engineers to validate and refine actuator designs. - Analyze test data and write test reports. - Investigate root cause of failures and help drive actuator design improvements. Requirements - Bachelor’s degree in Engineering or Physics or equivalent experience and evidence of exceptional ability. - 2+ years of experience with LabView and data acquisition systems. - 2+ years of experience in physical testing and analysis of mechanical, electrical, and electromechanical systems. - 1+ year of experience with testing electric motors or electromechanical actuators. - 1+ year of experience with dynamometer testing and equipment (torque transducers, power analyzers, oscilloscopes, etc.). - Working understanding of servo control (torque, speed, and position control). - Component and system testing experience, including certification testing. - Experience creating and executing design validation plans and test methods to validate performance requirements. - Design of test setups for actuator testing and validation. Basic fabrication, machining, wiring, general electronics, debugging, and parts chasing. - CAD (CATIA, NX, Inventor, Solid Works, etc.). - Experience with MATLAB, or other data acquisition and analysis software

What to Expect The Role Our Tesla Service Technicians are members of the largest technician team on the planet, working together in pursuit of our mission to accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy. Joining Tesla, means being a part of a team of the most talented Technicians and Engineers on the planet, working on cutting edge automotive technology and on the most advanced cars in production today. Our Technicians are the heart of every service location and we rely on their expertise in process improvement and in the delivery of the best service and products to our customers. We want you to elevate your professional growth through a combination of programs and on the job training, accelerating your career and unlocking your potential. With a global presence, we want to support your growth and career wherever life may take you. Our expectation is that you bring your full self to work each day, deliver high quality product, provide exceptional customer service, and help support our mission. What You’ll Do Responsibilities Execute basic and advanced diagnostic and repair work on all aspects of Tesla product line Work independently and as a team to drive maximum repair efficiency Provide feedback to Tesla design and engineering teams directly to enable continuous improvement of repair procedures and products. Participate with a collaborative, inclusive, and respectful attitude in an ever-changing dynamic environment. Enjoy your company supplied laptop to support diagnostics and provide online training opportunities Operate a variety of top-of-the-line hand, power and shop tools Consistently and concisely detail and document repairs Inspect and maintain shop equipment and request replacement as required Partner with other teams to ensure delivery of an exceptional product by cleaning and detailing vehicles, as needed Assist with onboarding and training of new technicians to help upskill the team What You’ll Bring Requirements Associate Degree/Certificate or work experience in a related technology space (aeronautics, engines, electrical, ships, etc.) Automotive Service Technicians License, or desire to become Technician Apprentice through provincial schooling (Canada only) Demonstrated ability to learn new technologies and processes, and adapt to change Ability to innovate, solve complex issues, and present new ideas Ability to follow oral and written instructions with attention to detail Proven ability to effectively handle multiple priorities, organize workload, and meet deadlines Section 609 Refrigerant handling certification preferred Experience working in a team-based environment and achieving common goals Evidence of a "safety first" attitude

The Role Tesla's Recharge program is your pathway to returning to a full-time career after a career break of more than a year. During our 18-week program, you will refresh your existing skill sets and learn new technologies with supportive mentors by your side. We foster professional growth in a structured environment through a combination of training and hands-on projects. You will be empowered to take on new challenges that will allow you to reclaim both your skills and confidence in the workplace. Are you ready to Recharge you career? We are seeking a highly technical Desktop Support Technician to join our team. The IT Services position within the IT Operations team will be on the front lines of Tesla’s IT systems support. As the face of IT, the Desktop Support Technician must have strong technical troubleshooting abilities, excellent communication skills and be willing to interface with a combination of both technical and non-technical departments. The primary task of this position will be to troubleshoot and resolve endpoint issues, install and support the systems, and assist with the day-to-day operations for Tesla’s global IT infrastructure to provide for the growth of Tesla’s initiatives. Responsibilities Provide onsite and remote support for Tesla organization, responsible for troubleshooting and resolution of computer and mobile device hardware and software issues, telephony, printers and networking intermediate knowledge of computer applications Working with Backups, Active Directory, Exchange, and Windows server environments Working with ECM, Imaging, packaging, scripting – Python or PowerShell Working with enterprise remote imaging and administrative tools including SCCM, JAMF Maintaining and working with wireless technologies, LAN, VPN, DSL Create, edit, and improve technical articles and other procedures for systems at Tesla Working with the team lead, elevated set of permissions to address more challenging work within active directory, office 365 Supporting senior level executives on a daily basis Performing in compliance with policy guidelines and within time frames as defined in the team’s SLAs and/or project requirements Troubleshooting Windows 10, Mac OS, iOS & Android mobile operating systems Ability to research and grasp technical information across multiple tools while talking with customers Ability to establish priorities and manage workload effectively and efficiently Requirements Must be returning from a recent career gap of at least 1 year Minimum of 2 years of experience with desktop support experience Minimum of 2 years of experience within a Windows and Mac environment, some Linux is preferred AS or BS degree in information technology, computer science, etc. is preferred Excellent customer service skills, strong attention to details with excellent follow up is preferred

What to Expect The Role The Service Installer is an essential part of Tesla’s Field Energy Operations team. Employees working in this role are leading the drive towards completing Tesla’s mission—to accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy. As a Service Installer, each employee is working with the latest solar technology, building relationships with team members, and completing the installation of our products safely and on time. Tesla’s ideal candidate will have a passion for learning basic energy system construction, terminology, and concepts. This position is an hourly role that requires working outside in extreme environments, working at heights, and prolonged periods of repetitious duties including lifting, bending, and standing for long periods. What You’ll Do Duties/Responsibilities  Supporting the Crew Lead and Electrician on the successful maintenance of Tesla’s solar products.  Attending weekly team meetings and mandatory training sessions on new products, best installation and maintenance practices, and standard workmanship guidelines.  Pull inventory and ensure all materials are available to complete the job.  Work cooperatively with a team on residential re-roofs and installing Solar Roof.  Following building standards and codes when installing panels and support structures.  Managing time and tasks effectively with a sense of urgency while providing an exceptional customer experience to all customers. What You’ll Bring Required Skills/Abilities  Ability to safely handle power tools, hand tools, ladders, roofing materials along with inverters, solar panels, panel boards, batteries, and other similar electrical equipment.  Excellent problem-solving skills.  Excellent attendance is essential for the team to achieve success.  Travel is mandatory and will vary dependent on business needs. Employees must be able to travel for up to 2 weeks at a time, several times a year to various locations within the US.  Experience in roof work (including metal, concrete tile, clay tile, comp, shingle, or wood shake), HVAC, metal fabrication, general construction or carpentry preferred but not required. Education and Experience  High school diploma or equivalent preferred.  Vocational or technical school training preferred. Physical Requirements  Must be able to work at great heights including on rooftops, climbing ladders, and stairs  Must be able to work in extreme environments (example: hot sun, cold, crawl spaces, attic etc.)  Prolonged periods of repetitious duties including lifting, bending, and standing for long periods  Must be able to lift at least 50 pounds frequently  Must meet all OSHA standards for working at heights including:  Ability to climb and utilize equipment on site including various ladders rated for a maximum capacity of 325lbs.  Must be able to meet equipment standards for fall protection (harness, anchor, ropes, etc.) with a maximum capacity of 310bs. Employee Benefits As a full time, Tesla employee, you will receive full benefits from day 1 for you and your dependents.  Kaiser and UnitedHealthcare PPO and HSA plans (including infertility coverage)  3 medical plan choices with $0 paycheck contribution  Vision & dental plans (including orthodontic coverage)  Company paid Life, AD&D, short-term and long-term disability  401(k), Employee Stock Purchase Plans, and other financial benefits  Employee Assistance Program, Paid Time Off, and Paid Holiday  Back-up childcare and employee discounts

What to Expect Tesla’s actuator team designs and builds actuators for humanoid bi-pedal robots (Tesla Bot). The team joins mechanical, electrical, and electromagnetic engineering disciplines in a highly collaborative environment. This position is critical to the development of the high-performance electromechanical rotary and linear actuator systems for humanoid bi-pedal robots (Tesla Bot). Tesla actuators need to deliver high performance, efficiency, and torque (force) density. You will join the team of electromagnetic motor design engineers to develop the most torque and force dense rotary and linear actuator systems in the world. As part of the design team, you will be responsible for mechanical design and integration of the actuator components. You will also support industrialization and production activities. What You’ll Do Mechanical design and integration of rotary and linear electromechanical actuators. Collaboration with electromagnetic motor design engineers to develop the most torque dense and efficient electromechanical actuator systems in the world. Design and integration of rotary and linear speed reduction systems for high performance motion control actuator applications. Collaboration with supply chain, vendor, and manufacturing engineers. Continuously evaluate new technologies and design improvements to develop the most power dense, efficient, low cost, and reliable electric motors and actuators. Design and build motor and actuator prototypes for the validation of mechanical and electromechanical performance. Basic fabrication, machining, wiring, general electronics, debugging, and parts chasing. What You’ll Bring BS in Mechanical, Mechatronic, or Aerospace Engineering, or equivalent. 3+ years experience with design of rotary and linear electromechanical actuators for motion control applications. Demonstrate successful experience in mechanical engineering in a product design and manufacturing environment. Mechanical skills Excellent experience with design and integration of high-performance electromechanical actuators (thermal, gear and speed reduction, bearing, structural design). Experience with thermal analysis and design for passive (natural convection) and active cooling (forced air and liquid). Hands-on experience, previous internship and/or project experience is preferred. Controls (Mechatronic, Motors, Drives, Motion Control) Familiarity with various electric motor, electric drive, and motion control technologies.

What to Expect Seeking highly motivated individuals who thrive in a fast-paced environment to take on a wide range of manufacturing and development challenges on a pilot line setting for cell manufacturing. This individual will apply his/her technical skills to setup, operate, and adjust equipment in development phase. The manufacturing technician is a key member of the process development team focused on developing innovative processes, equipment, and tooling to accelerate the world’s transition to GWh Hours of sustainable energy. What You’ll DoPerform equipment setup, operation, adjustments, and minor preventative maintenance tasks to meet safety, quality and efficiency standards for equipment in varying development stagesIdentify problems and potential solutions to troubleshoot issues as they arise during engineering buildsInspect and test finished product during and after engineering buildsDocument results during and post engineering development builds in a clear and concise mannerAssemble and test manufactured goods for dedicated tooling and or processesCollaborate with engineering to develop test methodsLoad and unload material, weight varying, into containers and toolsDevelop operating procedures for equipment or new processes in standard formatConduct analytical tests, measure and record data using defined tools and softwareSupport work area safety, cleanliness, material usage and organizationParticipate in the continuous improvement of safety, quality, output, and tool uptime What You’ll Bring Experience in semiconductor, optics, cell, start-up or pilot production environment  Experience with operating and troubleshooting manufacturing equipment Proficiency with power tools and good motor skills. Strong written and verbal English communication skills. Excellent attention to detail, good organization, analytical and reasoning skills Ability to work with others in cross-functional team environment and follow both written and verbal instructions. Comfortable with frequent change of direction, dynamic work environment and passion to perform time-sensitive analysis under pressure.

What to Expect The Commercial Energy Asset Manager is responsible for the oversight of commercial and operational deliverables for deployed solar + battery storage energy projects portfolios. This includes the continuous evaluation of improved operations, system performance, and site level profitability for the assigned asset. What You’ll Do Facilitate, in coordination with other internal teams, monitor and challenge the operational performance and optimization metrics to achieve project’s highest possible availability and gross profit. Work closely with the onsite operations team to ensure safe and efficient operations of the asset. Manage and resolve legal, contractual, regulatory, and commercial issues as they arise. Ensure compliance with all project’s governing documents including Power Purchase Agreements, O&M Agreements, Interconnection Agreements, land leases, etc. Manage day-to-day stakeholder relationships (internally and externally) with local and state authorities, regulatory agencies, landowners, end customers, field service teams, finance / accounting teams, and other parties needed to operate the asset. Review reoccurring reports on project performance as needed per contractual obligations and drive the closure of open cases / inquiries across the portfolio. Negotiate contracts renewals as needed. Monitor and influence all maintenance and operations for the assets based on fleet health, organizational priorities, and current fiscal relationship with end customer. Work with internal and external resources to develop strategies that maximize revenue and reduce risk and market exposure of the asset. What You’ll Bring Strong attention to detail with the ability to effectively multitask managing heavy workload. Intimate knowledge of the energy and renewable energy market, and the ability to stay current with changing technologies, regulations, and trends influencing the continued adoption of renewable energy. Commercial mindset, strong prioritization, communication, and organizational skills. Understanding of integrated system design and operations. Prior operational experience at solar, wind, thermal, coal, hydro, or nuclear industries a plus. Strong leadership skills with the ability to inspire people to action through his/her influence. Strong understanding of project finance, legal contracts, accounting, and contract/warranty negotiations. Self-motived with the ability to work with little supervision. Strong learning skills with aptitude to independently research, understand, and implement knowledge in new areas. Experience with standard financial metrics and analysis. Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Business, or equivalent industry experience

What to Expect Tesla is looking for extraordinary talent with a passion for innovation and quality. You will continuously design creative ways to break software and identify potential bugs. You will be responsible for driving test development of Tesla services and distributed systems. Come join us and learn from the best while transforming your career. As a QA Engineer you will work very closely with Software Engineers to understand the technical design of applications and ensure testability of the developed components. They will build test automation with the goal of providing maximum coverage in the most efficient manner. They are also responsible for ensuring that the test infrastructure is easily maintainable and can scale to the demands of a rapid continuous integration continuous deployment environment.   What You’ll Do Responsibilities  Design and develop advanced test suites using object-oriented methodologies. Implement and execute test strategies on all supported platforms and languages to help improve overall quality and test code coverage. Should be able to do both functional and Automation. Write backend integration tests and tests for RESTful APIs. Develop frameworks and automated test cases using Selenium and Python. Design and develop integration, regression, and stress tests using industry standard tools. Collaborate with Business Analyst  and Developers to understand requirements and translate them into test cases. Good knowledge of Web/UI testing. Define, implement, and maintain test plans, test specifications and test suites. Provide technical leadership, driving and performing engineering best practices to initiate, plan, and execute large-scale, cross-functional, and company-wide critical programs. What You’ll Bring BA/BS Degree in Computer Science or related technical discipline, or 4+ years of related practical experience. Experience with one or more of the following: Ruby, Python, JavaScript,  Java, and/or C#. Working knowledge of test methodologies, processes, and tools (Selenium, Python or any programming language,  Appium, JIRA, STLC, Test Management tool –ALM , Zephyr). Knowledge of relational databases/SQL. Experience working with client-server  architectures and automation. Experience working with black box/grey box testing. Evidence of exceptional ability

What to Expect The Service Crew Lead will be part of Tesla’s Field Energy Operations team. As a leader at Tesla, the Crew Lead will continuously model to others Tesla standards and responsibilities including policy compliance, quality standards, and efficiency goals. The ideal candidate will work cooperatively with team members to successfully complete the maintenance of energy products safely and on time. What You’ll Do  Considered a subject matter expert in energy system installation and is capable of training and mentoring others, may be responsible for a group or team  Able to supervise the jobsite and proactively guides and trains team members to ensure compliance  Able to service and commission energy systems on roofs including array layout, and mounting hardware based on site conditions and customers’ needs and expectations  Proactively resolves equipment and system issues and can troubleshoot and overcome obstacles onsite.  Applies advanced knowledge to improve processes and proactively reviews workmanship onsite  Collaborates with warehouse team to ensure all materials and equipment necessary for servicing is available onsite and communicates job status to customer and leadership  Able to understand productivity goals and drive team members to improve efficiency  Performs routine maintenance on energy systems  Capable of completing work both with a team and as a lone worker  Attend weekly team meetings and mandatory training sessions on new products, service methodology, and safety  Provide an exceptional customer experience to all customers  Performs other related duties as assigned What You’ll Bring  Extensive knowledge of PV equipment, installation, and service  Experience in roof work, general construction, or carpentry preferred  Extensive knowledge of electrical wiring and equipment  Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills  Ability to read building plans and equipment manuals  Ability to safely handle power tools and materials such as: ladders, inverters, solar panels, panel boards, batteries, and other similar electrical equipment, lumber, roofing materials, etc.  Able to always maintain Quality Standards.  Able to bend conduit unassisted.  Excellent customer service and strong written and verbal communication skills  Computer skills preferred  Excellent attendance is essential for the team to achieve success  Ability to work well with others in a collaborative team environment  Travel is mandatory and will vary dependent on business need. Employees must be able to travel for up to 2 weeks at a time, several times a year, to various locations within the US.  Valid Drivers License Required Physical Requirements  Must be able to work at great heights including on rooftops, climbing ladders, and stairs  Must be able to work in extreme environments (example: hot sun, cold, crawl spaces, attic etc.)  Prolonged periods of repetitious duties including lifting, bending, and standing for long periods  Must be able to lift at least 50 pounds frequently  Must meet all OSHA standards for working at heights including:  Ability to climb and utilize equipment on site including various ladders rated for a maximum capacity of 325lbs.  Must be able to meet equipment standards for fall protection (harness, anchor, ropes, etc.) with a maximum capacity of 310bs. Education and Experience  High school diploma or equivalent preferred  Vocational or technical school training preferred  Previous related experience preferred

What to Expect The successful candidate will have extensive experience in industrial automation, with a focus on PLC systems, communications architecture, and integration with robotics and databases. This person must be capable of collaborating with cross-functional teams and shop managers. The successful candidate will have knowledge in Assembly systems, as well as exceptional interpersonal, organizational and management skills, demonstrating the ability to be an innovator and change agent. What You’ll Do Develop programming standards for PLC and automated systems Responsibility for backing up and maintaining all equipment programs Shop lead person for all projects and installations with regard to control systems for production equipment. Support and assist maintenance team in troubleshooting difficult breakdowns and chronic equipment failures. Act as shop liaison to IT department for MES (Manufacturing Execution System) development and implementation. (product information tracking) Oversee maintenance, electrical and PLC projects, verify proper documentation Instruct and manage supplier and equipment buyoffs Conduct risk assessments and implement finding HMI programming and system development Generate, develop electrical drawings. Buyoff on electrical drawings from contractors What You’ll Bring BS in Mechanical, Electrical or Mechatronics engineering degree or equivalent relevant industry experience Experience with IDRA Die Cast Equipment is highly desired 2+ years of extensive experience with industrial equipment controls, interfaces, and communication protocols. Must be proficient in PLC programming, troubleshooting, and configuration. Experience with various Allen-Bradley or Siemens platforms is highly desirable. HMI programming skills Experience with robot programming, backup and restoration Experience creating various reports and database tools for management Good overall computer skills, including Microsoft Office and e-mail programs. CAD is a plus. Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written. Experience in automotive manufacturing is highly desired. ACAD experience in developing electrical schematics

What to Expect About Tesla Motors: Tesla Motors is a quickly growing, innovative company based in the San Francisco Bay Area.  We design and manufacture the advanced electric vehicles that are changing the future of transportation and the advanced stationary battery packs that are changing the energy industry. We are building technically strong, fast-moving teams that pride themselves on superior execution.   Job Title:  Automated Systems Technician  Department: Industrial Engineering & Systems – Gigafactory 1 (Gigafactory Nevada) What You’ll Do Tesla is looking for a highly motivated systems technician to develop, implement, and optimize our factory reporting, which will help drive the total manufacturing process of our cutting-edge Energy Products and Model 3 Powertrain at Gigafactory Nevada, outside Reno, Nevada. This is an exciting opportunity to contribute to Tesla’s world class manufacturing facility in Nevada. Tesla is a demanding and fast-paced environment where you will work on critical subsystems of an incredibly exciting product. This role will contribute to, in whole or in part: Update and implement live factory performance front ends (SCADA) (Ignition and user HMI updating and designing, is a plus) Work with MySQL databases and other data storage to create schemas and tables for production metric reporting Make design recommendations for factory data visualizations and implement as needed Maintain scalable SCADA infrastructure to enable rapid future development Other systems work, as needed: ETL, data visualization, automated reporting, etc. What You’ll Bring Track record of excellence in current and prior roles Able to work under pressure while managing competing demands and tight deadlines Front end design framework experience in R, React, CSS or similar Desirable technologies and capabilities: SCADA, Jira, Splunk, Python, MySQL, Tableau, data visualization, version control methods (GIT) ETL Building, PLC experience is a plus

What to Expect Tesla is seeking an Electrical Control Technician to support cell manufacturing automation equipment in development, installation, commissioning, retrofitting and production. Working as a team with engineering (mechanical, software, process, and electrical) to handle challenging automation equipment issues. When problems arise, hands on vision system skill and experience are a plus. The ideal candidate must demonstrate an interest in computer/PLC and industrial automation/machinery systems, especially using distributed controller with Field BUS (knowing EtherCat is preferred). The person should be able to work with minimal supervision. Familiar with using electrical instruments: DMM, scope, Network analyzer, and mechanical tools as well to help diagnose and repair the equipment. The projects are very dynamic as Tesla is continuously adjusting the priorities to position better on company productivity and efficiency. The candidate should be able to handle multi-tasking jobs under an aggressive schedule and timeline. The automation equipment will be installed, commissioned, and ran at Tesla facilities located in Fremont, CA.  What You’ll Do  Strong electrical control troubleshooting and ability to read electrical schematic  Familiar with High Voltage - 480V Power Distribution Panel  Familiar with Digital/Analog IO and safety interlock system  Familiar with VFD and Servo Drive systems  Beckhoff and Siemens PLC experience, and capable to make PLC code change based on Engineer instruction.  Capable to edit schematic using ePlan P8 Electrical CAD  Understand basic cell quality issues and help determine if inspecting them automatically with the vision systems is possible (after hands-on training)  Collaborate with relevant teams to determine optimal locations to install hardware  Install line-side equipment, including cameras and computer hardware  Wiring, networking and operating computer programs within an industrial/manufacturing environment  Capable to do basic mechanical assembly job like bolting brackets, cover and using basic hand tools  Use software to load images into a program, sort and label them and then monitor how the program labels the same images  Support engineers as they iterate on these systems by providing direct feedback on how the systems are functioning on the line  Monitor alerts and determine with available data if something is failing, and how to quickly fix it  Collaborate with quality engineers to communicate time periods of failure of the system What You’ll Bring  5+ years of experience working in an industrial automation or technical organization  Solid computer skills including specific experience with file systems and basic understanding of computer networks  Good understanding of electrical control circuit and safety  Experience with wiring/ equipment  Experience in manufacturing area  Solid written communication skills and willingness to document  Ability to multi-task, prioritize and work in an extremely fast-paced environment

What to Expect Tesla Motors is looking for an experienced Mobile Tire Technician to work on one of the most progressive vehicle brands in the world. This position requires a significant amount of customer interaction, so the ideal candidate will not only possess the technical acumen, but also the ability to provide a strong level of customer service. This position will service the South Bay Area; however, the role will require daily travel within the region directed by Mobile Tire Dispatch team. If you are interested in becoming a part of a world-class service team supporting the latest EV technology, we are interested in hearing from you. More details about the job are listed below: What You’ll Do  Performs apprentice level work in the inspection, repair, and service of Tesla electric vehicles  Operate a variety of hand, power, and shop tools  Perform equipment inspections, adjustments and certifications  Maintain records of time, expenses and materials  Perform other related duties as assigned  Help maintain cleanliness of vehicles  Effectively handle multiple priorities, organize workload, and meet deadlines  Support other Mobile Service technicians and Tesla Service Centers as needed  Daily regional travel What You’ll Bring  Valid driver’s license in the country (State for US) in which you are applying with a clean driving history  Knowledge of methods and techniques in the maintenance and repair of vehicles  Understanding and training on mounting and balancing tires and tire repair  Trade school training/ ASE’s a plus  Excellent oral and written communication skills as well as the ability to follow instructions  Ability to establish and maintain cooperative working relationships with those contacted in the course of work, including the public and multiple internal stakeholders  Ability to quickly learn and adapt to new systems, processes, and a dynamic work environment  Must be willing to become DOT certified  Experience operating a tow and trailer  Must be comfortable with daily regional travel and operating a large service vehicle  Must display a sense of urgency when responding to customer Roadside Assistance needs  Excellent customer service and problem solving abilities  Must be 21 or older Employee Benefits  Full benefits from day 1 for you and your eligible dependents  Medical plan options for Kaiser, Aetna PPO and HSA (including infertility and transgender coverage)  2 medical plan choices with $0 paycheck contribution  Vision & dental plans (including orthodontic coverage)  Healthcare and Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts  Company Paid HSA Contribution when enrolled in the High Deductible Medical Plan with HSA  Company paid Life, AD&D, short-term and long-term disability  401(k) match, Employee Stock Purchase Plans, and other financial benefits  Employee Assistance Program, Sick and Vacation time (Flex Time for salary positions), and Paid Holidays  Back-up childcare and employee discounts  Voluntary plans such as critical illness, hospital indemnity, accident insurance, and pet insurance  Voluntary Identity Theft and Legal Services plans  Adoption and surrogacy benefits

What to Expect Other car companies have talked for years about a future of "connected cars." At Tesla, we make it happen. We regularly send over-the-air software updates to our vehicle fleet, seamlessly delivering new features and improvements to our customers. Our mobile applications allow customers to interact with their cars via real-time, low-latency two-way communication. Today we remotely identify potential vehicle issues before a customer does—and often fix problems remotely too. To this end information and product security is of the utmost importance. Tesla is looking for a strong software security engineer to help with the design and development of its next generations of embedded software security systems in vehicles, batteries, and charging systems. This is a highly cross-functional role, where you will work collaboratively to implement security features, assess requirements for security controls, build and design software systems to achieve those requirements efficiently, and the development of those systems. In short, as a security software engineer at Tesla, you will be responsible for helping build the embedded software that keeps all of our products secure, while providing customer-facing connected services and sophisticated remote diagnostics. What You’ll Do Design and implement security features in our embedded software systems. Contribute to technical requirements, architecture, and interface design documents. Design and development of real-time embedded firmware and embedded Linux software that implements security controls for the system. Develop, and lead execution of test strategies and test plans. Collaborate cross-functionally in the following ways: Agree on product-level requirements/goals with the Product team. Develop Threat Model, and design Security Controls & Mitigations with the Product Security team and Connected Services team. Develop Software Security Architecture for the entire system, including component-level requirements for all computers/controllers in the system. Drive execution across contributing components, with help from the Program Management team. What You’ll Bring Experience in embedded development in robotics, real-time controls, or system software. Proven record of designing and delivering software security systems for internet-connected embedded devices. Experience incorporating hardware-based security techniques (Hardware Security modules, TrustZone, Secure Boot, etc) into a robust hardware/software system design. Sound knowledge of Cryptography fundamentals and Public Key Infrastructure. Extensive experience creating, presenting, and refining clear, compelling technical specifications from top-level system architecture documents down to low-level implementation guides and test plans. System-level (kernel/bootloader) software development experience. Strong communication skills. Ability to multi-task, prioritize and work in an extremely fast-paced, collaborative environment.

What to Expect The Role The Service Installer is an essential part of Tesla’s Field Energy Operations team. Employees working in this role are leading the drive towards completing Tesla’s mission—to accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy.  As a Service Installer, each employee is working with the latest solar technology, building relationships with team members, and completing the installation of our products safely and on time. Tesla’s ideal candidate will have a passion for learning basic energy system construction, terminology, and concepts. This position is an hourly role that requires working outside in extreme environments, working at heights, and prolonged periods of repetitious duties including lifting, bending, and standing for long periods.  What You’ll Do Duties/Responsibilities  Supporting the Crew Lead and Electrician on the successful maintenance of Tesla’s solar products.  Attending weekly team meetings and mandatory training sessions on new products, best installation and maintenance practices, and standard workmanship guidelines.  Pull inventory and ensure all materials are available to complete the job.  Work cooperatively with a team on residential re-roofs and installing Solar Roof.  Following building standards and codes when installing panels and support structures.  Managing time and tasks effectively with a sense of urgency while providing an exceptional customer experience to all customers. What You’ll Bring Required Skills/Abilities  Ability to safely handle power tools, hand tools, ladders, roofing materials along with inverters, solar panels, panel boards, batteries, and other similar electrical equipment.   Excellent problem-solving skills.  Excellent attendance is essential for the team to achieve success.  Travel is mandatory and will vary dependent on business needs. Employees must be able to travel for up to 2 weeks at a time, several times a year to various locations within the US.  Experience in roof work (including metal, concrete tile, clay tile, comp, shingle, or wood shake), HVAC, metal fabrication, general construction or carpentry preferred but not required. Education and Experience   High school diploma or equivalent preferred.  Vocational or technical school training preferred. Physical Requirements  Must be able to work at great heights including on rooftops, climbing ladders, and stairs   Must be able to work in extreme environments (example: hot sun, cold, crawl spaces, attic etc.)   Prolonged periods of repetitious duties including lifting, bending, and standing for long periods   Must be able to lift at least 50 pounds frequently   Must meet all OSHA standards for working at heights including:  Ability to climb and utilize equipment on site including various ladders rated for a maximum capacity of 325lbs.  Must be able to meet equipment standards for fall protection (harness, anchor, ropes, etc.) with a maximum capacity of 310bs. Employee Benefits As a full time, Tesla employee, you will receive full benefits from day 1 for you and your dependents.  Kaiser and UnitedHealthcare PPO and HSA plans (including infertility coverage)  3 medical plan choices with $0 paycheck contribution  Vision & dental plans (including orthodontic coverage)  Company paid Life, AD&D, short-term and long-term disability  401(k), Employee Stock Purchase Plans, and other financial benefits   Employee Assistance Program, Paid Time Off, and Paid Holiday  Back-up childcare and employee discounts

What to Expect Tesla Motors is looking for an experienced Service Advisor to work on one of the most progressive vehicle brands in the world. This position requires a high-level customer and employee interaction, so the ideal candidate will not only possess the technical acumen, but also the ability to provide a strong level of customer service. If you are interested in becoming a part of a world-class service team supporting the latest EV technology, we are interested in hearing from you. What You’ll Do  Answer Phone Calls, Emails and Drive In’s to address any customer concern with the highest level of response and attention  Return missed phone calls, email in no less than 5 minutes  Determine if technical solution can be resolved over the phone; escalate immediately to Shop Foreman / Service Manager to provide immediate attention  Accurately record issues and data into Dealer Management System. Attention to detail critical  Conduct Transactions w/ system; walk customer through correction and provide summary  Communicate estimated completion time, regular updates and follow through on each customer vehicle  Coordinate the detail of every vehicle prior to delivery  Coordinate the delivery time or pick up with each customer  Follow up with Customer on services provided; ensure they are satisfied with the work performed What You’ll Bring  Knowledge of methods, techniques, parts, tools and materials used in the maintenance and repair of vehicles  Experience in operational use and maintenance of a wide variety of hand power tools, shop tools, and automotive and electrical test equipment  Understanding of basic automotive techniques related to repair and servicing of automobiles  Ability to follow oral and written instructions with attention to detail  Willingness to learn new and innovative automotive technologies  Ability to establish and maintain cooperative working relationships with those contacted in the course of work to include the public  Perform detailed daily record keeping and reporting  Effectively handle multiple priorities, organize workload, and meet deadlines  Work in a team-based environment and achieve common goal  High School diploma or equivalent  Dealer Management System(s), Outlook, and MS Office  Associate Degree or certificate in Automotive Technology, preferred  Retail automotive service experience, preferred  Must have and maintain a valid driver’s license and an acceptable and safe driving record  Must have two years of driving experience

What to Expect At Tesla, our Energy Service Parts Advisors play an important role in offering fundamental support to Field Technicians, Warehouse, and customers in our mission to accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy. As a Parts Advisor, you will provide critical parts planning and operational support to the technicians and warehouse; liaise with other departments, as well as focus on continuous development of your skills. We create some of the most innovative products ever made and you will help ensure an equally innovative service to customers. To succeed at Tesla, you must be a self-starter, highly organized, and hard working. You should have a passion for the brand and the ability to thrive in a team environment.  What You’ll Do   Review upcoming appointments and ensure that parts are available or ordered. Appointments are properly prepared and documented in our system for schedulingMonitor inventory within the parts system, complete regular stock counts, and communicate parts updates and availability with relevant team members Source parts from distribution centers and other service center locations and allocate them to service appointments Process shipments from vendors under warranty or orders specific to customer service casesFollow-up with vendors on warranty claims and shipment issuesDetermine whether field-return parts should be scrapped, cycled into inventory, or returned to vendor or Tesla facilityPrepare defective Tesla-manufactured parts for shipment to other Tesla Facilities or third party for Failure Analysis, Remanufacturing or Warranty Replacement. Process, prepare and return non-Tesla-manufactured defective parts to vendors under warrantyManage proper disposal of old parts and hazardous materials if determined for scrapPick up and transport parts using van or forklift, if necessary, to support field operations and prevent customer re-schedulesMaintain excellent organization of parts area to standard Support specialized tools and personal protective equipment used by Field ServiceReport events (injury, illnesses, property equipment damage, auto, environmental release, etc.) immediately to direct manager Additional responsibilities as assigned to meet business needs   What You’ll Bring   Excellent communication skills and ability to establish and maintain strong working relationships with both internal stakeholders and customersAbility to thrive in a team-based environment and achieve common goalsBe able to complete tasks with little to no supervisionTrustworthy and driven self-starterAbility to effectively handle multiple priorities, organize workload, and meet deadlinesPositive, enthusiastic, and willing to learn about the changes in Tesla products and servicesAble to speak, understand, read, and write effectively in the English languageProficient in Microsoft Office and able to learn new systems and toolsAble to obtain forklift certification within 3 months of employment and retain certification every 3 years.Ability to travel to other warehouses or Tesla sites as neededValid driver’s license with an acceptable driving history Follow all environmental health and safety requirements High School diploma or the equivalent in experience Physical Requirements Ability to perform physically demanding work for extended periods of time, up to 12 hours a day including but not limited to: Ability to lift up to 50 lbs. and carry materialRepetitively climb stairs, bend, kneel, push, pull, crouch, and reach inside vehicles/ warehouses   Ability to find issues in a work process and receive safety signals using sight, touch, and hearing   Work around confined spaces and manage chemicals   Wear required PPE, including but not limited to safety glasses, safety shoes, hard hats, hi-vis vest, and follow all environmental health and safety guidelines

What to Expect The Role Tesla is looking for a highly motivated process development engineer to create, develop and scale up manufacturing processes for our cutting-edge Tesla battery cell manufacturing line. This role will invent, develop, scale up and optimize battery manufacturing processes within a cross-functional engineering team responsible for the development lifecycle and launch into manufacturing. In this role, you will work closely with many organizations both internal and external to Tesla taking new battery designs from initial concept through into full production. The battery cell is a critical component in Tesla vehicles and storage systems. This role will have the opportunity to make meaningful contributions to our products. The work environment is demanding, fast-paced and incredibly exciting. The ideal candidate should be ready to push their limits, as they join in highly motivated and capable team to make unbelievable things into reality. What You’ll Do Responsibilities Knowledge of existing and development of new/innovative manufacturing processes from proof of concept through to full scale production that enable improved battery performance and/or cost Apply detailed knowledge of Material Science, raw battery materials, interactions between those materials, and formulations thereof Establish controls for critical parameters, improve process robustness, design DoEs to optimize process conditions Proficient in data analysis / interpretation and presentation of experimental data Work collaboratively with cross functional teams Develop and manage PFMEA risk assessments to prioritize process improvement projects and ensure adequate metrology and controls are in place Debug process integration issues to ensure interactions between processes are kept under control What You’ll Bring Requirements BS or higher Degree in Chemical engineering, Material Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, etc. with a strong foundation in materials formulations and processes, heat transfer, and chemistry Proven problem solver - demonstrated experience of data driven root cause analysis, statistical software (JMP) a plus. Demonstrated capabilities in manufacturing process development for new and unique products Experience in high volume manufacturing involving one or more of these areas is highly desired: Roll to roll coating processes Dry powder handling and processing Battery manufacturing and metrology (li-ion or other chemistry)

What to Expect The Role The Operations Advisor creates and maintains operational efficiencies to drive productivity within the store. The Advisor role supports and empowers the Customer Experience, Tesla Advisors, and Management teams to possess and utilize the tools necessary to meet and exceed targets. You will proactively provide organization and support to maximize performance and productivity. To succeed at Tesla, you must be energetic, highly organized, and hard working. You should have a passion for sustainable energy and the ability to create exceptional client experiences. While individual contributions will be recognized, teamwork is essential to achieve the highest level of success. We will reward team players who help others succeed and empower the team around them.   What You’ll Do Responsibilities Maintaining store facilities: supplies ordering, work orders, vendor communication Maintaining store fleet: coordinating service, allocation Management Maximizing Tesla Scheduling Service calendar for drives and delivery Support training, new hire onboarding, organizing and/or executing validations Compiling and running daily + weekly reports to analyze store performance and improve Prepare customer loan and DMV documents prior to delivery appointment and confirm accuracy Work closely with other employees to ensure smooth transitions for customers toward a successful delivery appointment Maintaining brand and EHS standards, cascading feedback or adjustments to local team Monitoring and executing expenses Keyholder responsibilities to include opening/closing of store conducting morning/evening huddles and recaps Demonstrate mastery of presenting, selling and delivering the entire Tesla eco-system. Perform additional responsibilities as assigned to meet business need including Sales and Delivery What You’ll Bring Requirements At least 1 year of related experience Must be at least 18 years of age Ability to obtain appropriate state licensing, where applicable Must have and maintain a valid driver’s license and an acceptable and safe driving record Ability to work evening hours, weekends and holidays in a retail environment Proactive team member who is goal-oriented + highly motivated Proven ability to develop collaborative relationships and act as a well-respected, trusted partner with whom others want to work Great attention to detail with strong organization and communication skills Positive, enthusiastic and passionate mindset Legal right to work in the United States Must be able to successfully pass a pre-employment background check  Employee Benefits As a full time Tesla employee, you will receive full benefits from day 1 for you and your dependents.  Kaiser and UnitedHealthcare PPO and HSA plans (including infertility coverage) 3 medical plan choices with $0 paycheck contribution  Vision & dental plans (including orthodontic coverage) Company paid Life, AD&D, short-term and long-term disability  401(k), Employee Stock Purchase Plans, and other financial benefits  Employee Assistance Program, Paid Time Off, and Paid Holidays  Back-up childcare and employee discounts

What to Expect Tesla Motors is looking for an experienced Service Advisor to work on one of the most progressive vehicle brands in the world. This position requires a high-level customer and employee interaction, so the ideal candidate will not only possess the technical acumen, but also the ability to provide a strong level of customer service. If you are interested in becoming a part of a world-class service team supporting the latest EV technology, we are interested in hearing from you.  What You’ll Do Answer Phone Calls, Emails and Drive In’s to address any customer concern with the highest level of response and attention Return missed phone calls, email in no less than 5 minutes Determine if technical solution can be resolved over the phone; escalate immediately to Shop Foreman / Service Manager to provide immediate attention Accurately record issues and data into Dealer Management System. Attention to detail critical Conduct Transactions w/ system; walk customer through correction and provide summary Communicate estimated completion time, regular updates and follow through on each customer vehicle Coordinate the detail of every vehicle prior to delivery Coordinate the delivery time or pick up with each customer Follow up with Customer on services provided; ensure they are satisfied with the work performed  What You’ll Bring Knowledge of methods, techniques, parts, tools and materials used in the maintenance and repair of vehicles Experience in operational use and maintenance of a wide variety of hand power tools, shop tools, and automotive and electrical test equipment Understanding of basic automotive techniques related to repair and servicing of automobiles Ability to follow oral and written instructions with attention to detail Willingness to learn new and innovative automotive technologies Ability to establish and maintain cooperative working relationships with those contacted in the course of work to include the public Perform detailed daily record keeping and reporting Effectively handle multiple priorities, organize workload, and meet deadlines Work in a team-based environment and achieve common goal High School diploma or equivalent Dealer Management System(s), Outlook, and MS Office Associate Degree or certificate in Automotive Technology, preferred Retail automotive service experience, preferred Must have and maintain a valid driver’s license and an acceptable and safe driving record Must have two years of driving experience Employee Benefits  Full benefits from day 1 for you and your eligible dependents Medical plan options for Kaiser, Aetna PPO and HSA (including infertility and transgender coverage) 2 medical plan choices with $0 paycheck contribution Vision & dental plans (including orthodontic coverage) Healthcare and Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts Company Paid HSA Contribution when enrolled in the High Deductible Medical Plan with HSA Company paid Life, AD&D, short-term and long-term disability 401(k) match, Employee Stock Purchase Plans, and other financial benefits Employee Assistance Program, Sick and Vacation time (Flex Time for salary positions), and Paid Holidays Back-up childcare and employee discounts Voluntary plans such as critical illness, hospital indemnity, accident insurance, and pet insurance Voluntary Identity Theft and Legal Services plans Adoption and surrogacy benefits 

What to Expect The Installer is an essential part of Tesla’s Field Energy Operations team. Employees working in this role are leading the drive towards completing Tesla’s mission—to accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy. As an Installer, each employee is working with the latest solar technology, building relationships with team members, and completing the installation of our products safely and on time. Tesla’s ideal candidate will have a passion for learning basic energy system construction, terminology, and concepts. This position is an hourly role that requires working outside in extreme environments, working at heights, and prolonged periods of repetitious duties including lifting, bending, and standing for long periods. What You’ll Do  Supporting the Crew Lead and Electrician on the successful install of Tesla’s solar products.  Attending weekly team meetings and mandatory training sessions on new products, best installation practices, and standard workmanship guidelines.  Following building standards and codes when installing panels and support structures.  Assisting with routine maintenance on energy systems.  Managing time and tasks effectively with a sense of urgency.  Providing an exceptional customer experience to all customers. What You’ll Bring Required Skills/Abilities  Experience in roof work, general construction or carpentry preferred.  Ability to safely handle power tools, hand tools as well as materials such as ladders, inverters, solar panels, panel boards, batteries and other similar electrical equipment, lumber, roofing materials, etc.  Excellent problem-solving skills.  Excellent attendance is essential for the team to achieve success.  Travel is mandatory and will vary dependent on business needs. Employees must be able to travel for up to 2 weeks at a time, several times a year to various locations within the US.  Valid Driver’s License Required. Education/Experience  High school diploma or equivalent preferred  Vocational or technical school training preferred Physical Requirements  Must be able to work at great heights including on rooftops, climbing ladders, and stairs  Must be able to work in extreme environments (example: hot sun, cold, crawl spaces, attic etc.)  Prolonged periods of repetitious duties including lifting, bending, and standing for long periods  Must be able to lift at least 50 pounds frequently  Must meet all OSHA standards for working at heights including:  Ability to climb and utilize equipment on site including various ladders rated for a maximum capacity of 325lbs.  Must be able to meet equipment standards for fall protection (harness, anchor, ropes, etc.) with a maximum capacity of 310bs. Employee Benefits As a full time Tesla employee you will receive full benefits from day 1 for you and your dependents.  Kaiser and United Healthcare PPO and HSA plans (including infertility coverage)  3 medical plan choices with $0 paycheck contribution  Vision & dental plans (including orthodontic coverage)  Company paid Life, AD&D, short-term and long-term disability  401(k), Employee Stock Purchase Plans, and other financial benefits  Employee Assistance Program, Paid Time Off, and Paid Holidays  Back-up childcare and employee discounts Candidates must successfully complete and pass MVR background check

Role Tesla’s Supply Chain and Ops Automation team is currently seeking a product manager to shape the future of internal software tools used by Tesla’s supply chain team. Our purpose-built, internal-facing web apps are playing an increasing role in solving the most difficult problems facing Tesla and have company-wide impacts. Tesla’s supply chain team faces increasing challenges as Tesla expands globally and launches new products and programs. The Supply Chain and Ops Automation team is our “special projects” software team helping to address these challenges. As a product manager on the Supply Chain and Ops Automation team, you will be in a product ownership role, managing the creation of new web applications and improving upon existing ones. You will work with Global Supply Managers and software engineers to deeply understand our process and challenges, and drive improvements to our processes and software. Many of our software tools are highly analytical, so a combination of strong analytical skills and software product management skills are required. Responsibilities  Work cross-functionally with internal users, engineering and design to drive product strategy  Manage the roadmap, get feedback, and develop ideas for new improvements and challenges  Oversee the product development lifecycle from inception to launch, with an ability to prioritize the most important features to maximize impact  Lead stakeholder discussions for overall vision and translate them into detailed requirements, user stories, and actionable tasks, then feedback engineering discussions to refine them  Manage the implementation and ongoing success of software products, including (re)defining requirements, sprint planning, and release management  Conduct user research and contribute to the design of software  Push for high reliability and responsiveness from a systems and user satisfaction perspective  Coordinate resources and broadcast timelines for deliverables  Define and monitor success metrics through SQL-powered dashboards  Gracefully prioritize objectives and deadlines and communicate your decisions clearly  Work cross-functionally to ideate on business problems outside your org vertical Requirements  3+ years of work experience with evidence of successful project implementation  Experience managing software development (e.g. software product manager) strongly preferred  Proficiency with data analytics using SQL  Experience creating operational metrics and dashboards using SQL and Tableau (or similar) visualization tools preferred  Experience with software design preferred  Real world pragmatism to effectively drive improvements that actually get successfully implemented and add value to Tesla  Excellent leadership, organizational, analytical, interpersonal, and communication skills  Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and deliver excellent results

What to Expect Our Store Leaders are seasoned retail veterans and naturally charismatic leaders. In this role, you will be responsible for leading the recruitment, training, development and overall management of a dynamic store team that will help Tesla accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable transportation. You will be challenged to support your team through training, coaching, motivating and analyzing sales performance. You will be tasked with identifying events in the local market that will maximize Tesla’s brand exposure and create more Tesla owners. You will be measured and rewarded by your ability to achieve targets, drive optimal team performance, and  maintain store operations. To succeed at Tesla, you must be energetic, highly organized, and hard working. You should have a passion for sustainable  energy and the ability to create exceptional customer experiences. While individual contributions will be recognized, teamwork is essential to achieve the highest level of success. We will reward team players who help others succeed and empower the team around them. What You’ll Do BUSINESS HEALTH Coach and motivate sales team to meet assigned sales, delivery, and productivity goals through customer EV education and product knowledge, delivering excellent service and merchandise presentation and promotion. Demonstrate sales leadership by role playing and having an active presence in customer facing locations Train and develop team on sales and delivery processes Analyze data to determine optimal business strategies Set individual goals for your team, ensuring goals are aligned with store goals Ensure team is fluent in all aspects of product knowledge Partner with Marketing to identify local marketing and event opportunities to drive sales Drive for Excellence in all areas of business focused on reaching P&L expectations for respective location CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE Responsible for ensuring all employees provide best in class experience in every interaction Manage escalations quickly and effectively Empower and guide employees through challenging customer concerns, to make decisions in the customers’ best interest while also supporting Tesla’s mission EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT Recruit, train, and develop management team and employees ensuring all positions are filled in a timely manner Support, implement and provide follow-up for all training Continually evaluate the performance of each employee and provide constant feedback to drive results Identify high potential talent and effectively succession plan for needs of the business Ensure all employees adhere to Tesla policies and procedures Resolve all people and safety issues in a timely and effective manner, collaborating with Human Resources and appropriate teams effectively BRAND STANDARDS Ensure facility maintenance and showroom presentation adhere to the brand standard Control store expenses continually striving to reduce costs Ensure all employees align with Tesla’s Dress Code and Grooming Guidelines What You’ll Bring Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience 5+ years of applicable experience with proven track record to meet or exceed goals Self-starting entrepreneur with exceptional management and coaching skills Ability to prioritize multiple projects and adhere to business-critical deadlines Excellent written and verbal communication skills Dedicated and ethical approach to sales and sales operations Ability to develop collaborative relationships acting as a well-respected, trusted partner with whom others want to work Ability to work evenings and weekends in a retail environment Valid driver’s license in the country in which you are applying, 2 year minimum driving record required with a clean driving history Ability to obtain appropriate state licensing, where applicable

What to Expect Tesla Motors is looking for an experienced Service Advisor to work on one of the most progressive vehicle brands in the world. This position requires a high-level customer and employee interaction, so the ideal candidate will not only possess the technical acumen, but also the ability to provide a strong level of customer service.  If you are interested in becoming a part of a world-class service team supporting the latest EV technology, we are interested in hearing from you.  What You’ll Do  Answer Phone Calls, Emails and Drive In’s to address any customer concern with the highest level of response and attention  Return missed phone calls, email in no less than 5 minutes  Determine if technical solution can be resolved over the phone; escalate immediately to Shop Foreman / Service Manager to provide immediate attention  Accurately record issues and data into Dealer Management System. Attention to detail critical  Conduct Transactions w/ system; walk customer through correction and provide summary  Communicate estimated completion time, regular updates and follow through on each customer vehicle  Coordinate the detail of every vehicle prior to delivery  Coordinate the delivery time or pick up with each customer Follow up with Customer on services provided; ensure they are satisfied with the work performed What You’ll Bring  Knowledge of methods, techniques, parts, tools and materials used in the maintenance and repair of vehicles  Experience in operational use and maintenance of a wide variety of hand power tools, shop tools, and automotive and electrical test equipment  Understanding of basic automotive techniques related to repair and servicing of automobiles  Ability to follow oral and written instructions with attention to detail  Willingness to learn new and innovative automotive technologies  Ability to establish and maintain cooperative working relationships with those contacted in the course of work to include the public  Perform detailed daily record keeping and reporting  Effectively handle multiple priorities, organize workload, and meet deadlines  Work in a team-based environment and achieve common goal  High School diploma or equivalent  Dealer Management System(s), Outlook, and MS Office  Associate Degree or certificate in Automotive Technology, preferred  Retail automotive service experience, preferred  Must have and maintain a valid driver’s license and an acceptable and safe driving record  Must have two years of driving experience   Employee Benefits  Full benefits from day 1 for you and your eligible dependents  Medical plan options for Kaiser, Aetna PPO and HSA (including infertility and transgender coverage)  2 medical plan choices with $0 paycheck contribution  Vision & dental plans (including orthodontic coverage)  Healthcare and Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts  Company Paid HSA Contribution when enrolled in the High Deductible Medical Plan with HSA  Company paid Life, AD&D, short-term and long-term disability  401(k) match, Employee Stock Purchase Plans, and other financial benefits  Employee Assistance Program, Sick and Vacation time (Flex Time for salary positions), and Paid Holidays  Back-up childcare and employee discounts  Voluntary plans such as critical illness, hospital indemnity, accident insurance, and pet insurance  Voluntary Identity Theft and Legal Services plans  Adoption and surrogacy benefits

What to Expect What to Expect The Tesla Body Repair Program is seeking a Body Shop Estimator to work on one of the most progressive vehicle brands in the world. This position will involve supporting the Body Repair Program in all aspects. If you are interested in becoming a part of a world class service team supporting the latest EV technology, we are interested in hearing from you. What You’ll Do What You’ll Do Create repair estimates for Collision Damaged Tesla Model S, Model X, and Model 3 vehicles that arrive for repair (Technical estimating, no sales estimating).  Build Repair Plans in accordance with Tesla specific repair procedures.  Bill work in accordance with industry accepted Insurance standards  Document all damages requiring repair or parts replacement with photos.  Direct disassembly technicians as to the pace and scope of disassembly to expose all damages up front.  Order all replacement parts from Tesla Warehouse.  Monitor parts delivery.  Communicate with insurance company to submit claim and billing.   Direct Body Techs to perform repair attempts where Repair Vs Replace is not clear.  Manage Time in order to meet daily requirement of fully Blueprinted vehicles  Update Customer on vehicle progress  Close billing and delivery of vehicle What You’ll Bring What You’ll Bring 5+ years of automotive collision damage estimating experience  Knowledge of insurance procedures and requirements  Excellent verbal and written communication skills  I-CAR certification preferred  Proficient with Computers, as well as CCC, Audatex, or Mitchell Estimating Software  Excellent Customer Service skills  Automotive knowledge/background  Excellent Prior work references  Willingness to be cross trained in career advancing management roles as needed  Must be 18 years or older

The Role Reporting to the Solar Roof Manufacturing Engineering Team, the Sr. Manufacturing Equipment Engineer, is primarily responsible for the design and deployment of Tesla Solar Roof factory lines. The selected candidate assumes full ownership of the tool including design, commissioning, process development and technical transfer of the tools to the operation team; qualifying them for use with the highest standards of safety, throughput, uptime and yield (OEE). The Sr. Manufacturing Equipment Engineer works closely with Tesla’s internal Product Design, Operations, Facilities, and Quality Engineering teams and coordinates cross-functional design activities with tool vendors to develop novel solar manufacturing equipment. Responsibilities Collaborate with the Solar Roof Design team to propose solutions for Tesla’s Solar Roof modules. Ensuring designs are adhering to Design for Manufacturability (DFM) principles. Develop manufacturing methods and select equipment necessary to commercialize the Solar Roof product. Oversee installation and ensure ramp-up of Solar Roof manufacturing equipment. Define and oversee Factory Acceptance Test (FAT) and Site Acceptance Test (SAT) Solar Roof manufacturing equipment. Optimize product flow and line efficiency by designing or improving tools, jigs, stations, work methods and ergonomics using 5S methodology. Characterize baseline performance and capability of each system and drive actions to maintain or improve performance as measured by product yield and tool availability. Identify and drive continuous improvement and cost reduction programs. Drive process control and process development, specifically in the areas of quality and equipment capability. Work independently and with vendors to understand root cause of failures, propose design or component changes, and implement and validate equipment modifications. Generate and maintain machine documentations and spare part BOMs. Oversee technician/operator training on the equipment. Establish and oversee machine maintenance schedule. Collaborate with Design and Quality teams on metrology equipment. Actively use tool data sources (e.g. MES reports) to quantitatively evaluate and track tool performance and create programs to improve relevant metrics. Drive other projects as needed by management or as business needs change.   Requirements BS Degree in Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or similar. Evidence of exceptional ability. Minimum 3 years prior experience in similar field. Strong hands-on experience with high-volume and pilot manufacturing. Experience with SolidWorks or other 3D CAD software. Understanding of automation systems, mechanical engineering, robotics, PLCs, data collection systems. Experience programming PLCs, SCARA robots, and articulated robots a plus. Excellent interpersonal skills to effectively achieve results with multiple vendors and internal and external customers. Working knowledge of data analysis, statistics, SPC. Excellent communicator, both in presentations and written reports. Proven ability to work well with production personnel of all levels. Able to travel 25% of the time, both domestically and internationally.

What to Expect At Tesla our goal is to drive clean energy into the future, literally. Our fully electric vehicles are changing how the world views automotive, and you have an opportunity to join us in that mission! We are looking to hire a dedicated warehouse associate for a day shift position in a warehouse in Denver, CO.  Position Description: The warehouse associate will perform daily operations at a forward stock location. The ideal candidate should have experience working in a warehouse or with automotive parts. The warehouse associate will maintain workplace safety, reach and maintain sustainable pace of work, and uphold respectful environment. Daily work is centered around receiving and shipping vehicle parts by piece, by box or by pallet. Each warehouse associate is responsible for housekeeping and appearance of the warehouse.  What we are looking for: To be successful at this position an associate must exhibit trustworthiness, good work ethics, and team-first mentality. A successful warehouse associate shows up at work every scheduled day, improves professional skills every day, respects other Tesla employees, genuinely cares about business objectives and acts in Tesla’s best interests.  What to expect: You will join a well-rounded crew with a proven track record. You will work in a team of skillful and dedicated warehouse associates. Our culture is based on meritocracy, discipline and accountability. Your leaders will be committed to your personal growth in return for your commitment to the business. You can expect daily face-to-face time with your supervisor and continuous performance feedback. Lastly, we believe that hard work pays off and shall be rewarded appropriately. What You’ll Do As a warehouse associate, you will be expected to be able to perform a variety of physical and mental tasks throughout the day. These include but are not limited:  Pick, pack, and ship products in a timely manner and dedicated to quality  Receive and put away products physically and systemically  Operate heavy equipment safely while maintaining awareness of your surroundings  Arrive on time every day that you are scheduled, ready for work  Maintain accurate inventory levels  Cooperate with the needs of Tesla Service Centers, including emergency shipping  Maintain a clean environment within the warehouse  Other duties as assigned What You’ll Bring  Have a safety-first mentality; never compromise on safety  Ability to frequently and repetitively bend, lift and reach to move and install parts of varying size and weight overhead  Ability to lift up to 50 pounds frequently; heavier items infrequently  Reliable and strong time-management skills  Be comfortable learning and operating heavy equipment such as forklifts and cherry pickers  Be comfortable learning and using technology such as scanners, computers, etc.  Keyboarding skills  Good Communication skills  User-level knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite  Ability to multitask and prioritize work to successfully accomplish job duties  Previous warehouse experience preferred but not required  Previous heavy equipment/certification preferred  Valid Driver's License  Compensation and benefits:  Compensation ($17.00 - $24.84) is based on a variety of factors including but not limited to work experience, skills, certifications, etc. Along with competitive pay, as a full-time Tesla employee, you are eligible for the following benefits at day 1 of hire: Aetna PPO and HSA plans > 2 medical plan options with $0 payroll deduction Family-building, fertility, adoption and surrogacy benefits Dental (including orthodontic coverage) and vision plans, both have options with a $0 paycheck contribution Company Paid (Health Savings Account) HSA Contribution when enrolled in the High Deductible Aetna medical plan with HSA Healthcare and Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts (FSA) LGBTQ+ care concierge services 401(k) with employer match, Employee Stock Purchase Plans, and other financial benefits Company paid Basic Life, AD&D, short-term and long-term disability insurance Employee Assistance Program Sick and Vacation time (Flex time for salary positions), and Paid Holidays Back-up childcare and parenting support resources Voluntary benefits to include: critical illness, hospital indemnity, accident insurance, theft & legal services, and pet insurance Weight Loss and Tobacco Cessation Programs Tesla Babies program Commuter benefits Employee discounts and perks program

What to Expect Tesla is seeking a Product Support Engineer for Low Voltage Communication, which includes controllers (ECUs), harnesses, and CAN bus. This role is at a key connection point for Low Voltage development and change implementation between our Silicon Valley development team, the factories, and worldwide Service Centers. A strong technical background in diagnosing complex electromechanical systems with heavy software content and deployed in safety-critical applications is required. You will be responsible for contributing directly to the continuous improvement of our products. This engineer must be passionate about the product, a strong critical thinker, and capable of understanding technical system-level architecture and issues  Service Engineering, part of Vehicle Software Engineering, is responsible for real-time diagnostic support for the service network (the field), development and improvement of diagnostic tools and procedures, and feedback of top field issues to our development teams to improve current and future products. What You’ll Do Responsible for debugging issues related to the vehicle’s Low Voltage Controllers, harness and CAN bus networks and performing diagnostics on field failures both remotely - looking at data logged by the vehicle, and directly in the field with onboard diagnostic tools. Coordinate with design and development teams to perform further root cause analysis with component owners where necessary. Responsible for component level failure Analysis for low voltage controllers, harness and CAN bus networks, identify new failure modes that design team should avoid in the next generation of product. Work with quality and manufacturing teams to ensure new issues are fully investigated and that countermeasures are in place. Regular collaboration with worldwide service teams to ensure consistent and stable global service operations. Define requirements for on-board diagnostic methodologies for use in the aftersales world and work with the firmware development team to implement. Develop and document troubleshooting and remote diagnosis techniques with service technicians, technical support specialists and regional technical specialists. Responsible for developing automatic diagnostic logics and diagnostic alerts for low voltage driven functions. Conduct large-scale data analyses to triage low voltage related issues. Review user experience issues and escalate those to development teams that can be addressed by firmware or hardware improvements and/or revised functional specifications. Collaborate tightly with Tesla’s hardware and software teams to ensure efficient and economical implementation and validation of new features, components, and systems. Identify improvements for serviceability of the product for the purpose of reducing costs. Be the subject matter expert liaison between service engineering team and system design, quality, and manufacturing teams by communicating the latest product changes and information to the rest of the team. Some occasional travel to perform onsite root cause analysis and training is necessary. What You’ll Bring Experience in Automotive Technology / Electrical Engineering / Computer Science or similar or equivalent experience considered Minimum 2+ years of experience in automotive industry or similar hardware manufacturing Knowledge and experience in development of and/or diagnosing electromechanical systems is required. Deep knowledge of vehicle architecture, CAN protocol, UDS protocol are required. Hands-on experience in development, test, and validation of automotive systems. Experience with development and validations of embedded systems. Experience with full product life cycles from prototype to production. Able to read or interpret Python and C/C++ preferred Experience with data acquisition and analysis and processing tools, such as SQL, preferred Able to read, interpret electrical schematics, experience with PCB design systems such as Altium NEXUS is a plus. Able to read, interpret and create mechanical drawings, experience with CAD systems such as CATIA is a plus. Prior experience in Formula SAE or experience working on personal cars is a plus High proficiency in MS office programs (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Project)  Excellent oral, written and presentation communication skills

What to Expect Tesla seeks a talented, business-oriented professional who can autonomously manage all phases of new site development processes for all Tesla Charging products. The Project Developer finds the best places to host Tesla charging products. They manage site selection, contract negotiation with site hosts, utility and permitting feasibility studies, and ensuring efficient project hand-off to the Tesla installation team for construction and close-out. The Project Developer is fully responsible for ensuring current and future Tesla customers have the best experience at the most convenient charging stations. The responsibilities of this position may change over time. This role requires flexibility and adaptability to the evolving needs of Tesla’s programs, projects, and organization. What You’ll Do Develop and manage pipeline of potential new sites that will meet the market’s goals to serve current and future Tesla customers Build and maintain relationships with key internal and external deployment colleagues Develop, refine and manage comprehensive site due diligence Lead efforts to obtain all necessary approvals from utilities and permitting authorities Work with attorneys to draft, negotiate and execute site host agreements Work closely with installation colleagues to assess and manage installation costs and timeline What You’ll Bring Organization - Highly organized, able to simultaneously manage 20+ projects in various phases, without missing a beat Autonomy - Autonomous, high-motor approach to execution and achievement. Self-motivated and outspoken about what is needed to get a job done Business Model-oriented – must be able to understand site host needs and how Tesla charging integrates into meeting their business goals Excellent Communication - strategic listener, conscious conversationalist, and persuasive of people from a wide range of roles and backgrounds; Comfortable communicating with all types of stakeholders, including CEOs, facility managers, city planners, marketing managers, and utility planners Risk Management - Aggressive approach to reducing risk and getting ahead of problems before they impact project timelines Experience in contracts, real estate, utility planning, charging infrastructure, EV infrastructure policy, and local permitting preferred

What to Expect Tesla’s Supplier Industrialization team is responsible for critical component development and qualification activities at suppliers.  The job involves communicating well with internal and external teams, traveling to suppliers in different regions, and on-the-spot critical decision making.  The goal: delivering on time quantities of high quality component parts into Tesla’s production processes to enable extremely rapid development cycles and product launches. What You’ll Do Plan, organize, direct and conduct industrialization related activities within the supply chain team. Develop, Manage, Audit, Improve and Correct supplier planning and execution of component manufacturing and assembly techniques and quality control processes from the advanced development phase to mass production qualification  Provide leadership for New Product Introduction (NPI) at Suppliers Lead supplier improvements in scalability, cost, and quality. Facilitate communication and clarification of technical requirements between Suppliers and Tesla Purchasing, Quality, and Design teams. Accountable for supplier audits to ensure their ability to meet part performance, delivery, and reliability expectations. Collaborate with Tesla Design, Quality, and Manufacturing to determine the ideal performance specifications and supplier metrics. Accountable for leading, tracking and improving supplier manufacturing process development and launch readiness for new products and design changes. Guide suppliers in developing exceptionally robust processes and procedures to promote efficient and seamless production of high quality products. Validate supplier corrective actions involving design and/or process changes to ensure they are robust, sustainable, and implemented for similar potential concerns across manufacturing lines and/or suppliers. Provide input on new or alternative materials for improved design, manufacturability, or cost reduction. What You’ll Bring BS Degree in Electrical / Mechanical / Industrial / Manufacturing Engineering or evidence of experience and exceptional ability. 5+ years of assembly plant experience supporting electric motor, geartrain, and/or rotating assembly oil and lubrication systems or similar in a Supplier Quality, Quality Engineering, or Manufacturing Engineering role. Experience in Quality Systems a plus: PPAP/APQP processes. In-depth knowledge of Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing (GD&T) and inspection. Possess demonstrable leadership abilities. Previous experience managing safety critical parts. Ability to communicate and direct supplier activities at the management level. Proven results in meeting customer requirements and expectations. Ability to define and execute a project using project management techniques. Ability to thrive in a fast paced, dynamic environment. Excellent team building skills in dealing with suppliers, peers and other functional areas. Strong technical writing ability and an ability to explain complex issues in a concise and plain manner. Must be familiar with SPC and data analysis. An average of 30 - 40% travel, possibly on short notice.

What to Expect Team Overview & Responsibilities: Global Business Development is a small but mighty team that works to analyze markets, shape emerging business models, and advise the energy business on how best to meet Tesla’s mission of accelerating the transition to sustainable energy. Overview of the Role: This is a dynamic role that will be a key member of the biz dev team, supporting across all energy verticals (residential, commercial, and utility). They will be responsible for everything from modeling energy market revenues and project economics, to collecting and sharing competitive intelligence, to working with leadership on global strategy and new commercial structures. On any given day, the Analyst could be working on detailed financial models, digging into RTO/ISO tariff language, or building business plans with the sales teams. The broad scope of this role will require a unique candidate – one who is flexible, has a strong energy market and storage background, and a well-structured approach to solving problems and managing data. Working on Tesla's Energy Business Development Team requires wearing many hats and adapting to a fast-paced work environment.  Besides a rock-solid work ethic and a strong team-oriented personality, members of the team must display creativity, passion, and a desire to break new ground in a constantly shifting landscape. The role is based at Tesla's offices in Palo Alto, CA. Limited travel is required. What You’ll Do Market modeling – develop forward views of market conditions to inform sales team activities across all regions Deal and market research – deep dives into wholesale markets and regulatory frameworks to inform deal economics, including interconnection studies, RTO/ISO tariffs, nodal pricing. Project financial modeling – build/update financial models to evaluate viability of projects Business model development - analyze new geographies, applications, and business models for energy storage. Develop and implement new market entry strategies and first-of-their-kind projects Competitive intelligence - understand emerging industry trends and educate the rest of the company; update strategy, offers, and products accordingly.What You’ll Bring Required: 2+ years of electricity industry experience with a broad understanding of how the industry works Strong financial modeling skills – comfortable with DCF, IRR, NPV Very strong analytical skills High proficiency with Excel, PowerPoint, and Word English fluency   Preferred: 4+ years electricity industry experience Experience with energy storage technology and value propositions across residential, C&I, and/or utility verticals Energy storage modeling experience, preferably in wholesale markets Non-English language fluency   Authorization to work in the US without sponsorship

What to Expect As a Tech Trainee you are working on one of the most progressive vehicles in the world. This position is customer facing, so solid customer service skills combined with exceptional “hands on” technical ability go hand in hand. This position is located at the service center. Communication is highly important. Excellent Oral and Written communication required. If you are able to deliver strong customer satisfaction consistently, are motivated and a team player, we are interested in speaking with you. Relevant military service may be substituted for industry experience, and military veterans are encouraged to apply.  What You’ll Do  Performs entry-level work in the inspection, repair, and service of Tesla electric vehicles.  Operate a variety of hand, power, and shop tools.  Perform equipment inspections, adjustments and certifications.  Perform Pre-Delivery Inspections (PDI) of new cars.  Maintain records of time and materials.  Maintain inventory of shop supplies and parts.  Perform other related duties as assigned.  Help maintain vehicle cleanliness of customer cars.  Support lead technicians as needed.  Knowledge of: Methods, techniques, parts, tools and materials used in the maintenance and repair of vehicles. Operation and maintenance of a wide variety of hand power tools, shop tools, and automotive and electrical test equipment.  Efficient skills in basic automotive techniques related to repair and servicing of automobiles.  Support Parts & Front of House operations as needed or on a rotational basis What You’ll Bring  High School Diploma or GED.  Post-secondary automotive education (or equivalent military service experience) preferred but not required.  Must be at least 18 years of age.  Valid driver’s license, clean driving record and insurable.  Must be capable of reporting to training location or local service center as needed.  Ability to lift up to 60 pounds.  Must follow verbal and written instructions with attention to detail.  Be able to work in a team-based environment and achieve set goals.  Must have a "safety first" attitude.  Familiar understanding of the English language.  Basic computer skills, including navigating web browsers and using standard applications such as Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Outlook).

What to Expect The Operations Advisor creates and maintains operational efficiencies to drive productivity within the store. The Advisor role supports and empowers the Customer Experience, Tesla Advisors, and Management teams to possess and utilize the tools necessary to meet and exceed targets. You will proactively provide organization and support to maximize performance and productivity.  To succeed at Tesla, you must be energetic, highly organized, and hard working. You should have a passion for sustainable energy and the ability to create exceptional client experiences. While individual contributions will be recognized, teamwork is essential to achieve the highest level of success. We will reward team players who help others succeed and empower the team around them. What You’ll Do  Work closely with other employees to ensure smooth transitions for customers toward a successful delivery appointment  Demonstrate mastery of presenting, selling and delivering the entire Tesla eco-system.  Prepare customer loan and DMV documents prior to delivery appointment and confirm accuracy  Maximizing Tesla Scheduling Service calendar for drives and delivery  Maintaining store facilities: supplies ordering, work orders, vendor communication  Maintaining store fleet: coordinating service, allocation Management  Support training, new hire onboarding, organizing and/or executing validations  Compiling and running daily + weekly reports to analyze store performance and improve  Maintaining brand and EHS standards, cascading feedback or adjustments to local team  Monitoring and executing expenses  Keyholder responsibilities to include opening/closing of store conducting morning/evening huddles and recaps  Perform additional responsibilities as assigned to meet business need including Sales and Delivery What You’ll Bring  At least 1 year of related experience  Proactive team member who is goal-oriented + highly motivated  Proven ability to develop collaborative relationships and act as a well-respected, trusted partner with whom others want to work  Great attention to detail with strong organization and communication skills  Positive, enthusiastic and passionate mindset  Proficient with Microsoft Office suite and CRM tools (Salesforce preferred)  Ability to work evening hours, weekends and holidays in a retail environment  Ability to obtain appropriate state licensing, where applicable  Must be at least 18 years of age and maintain a valid driver’s license and an acceptable and safe driving record  Must be able to successfully pass a pre-employment background check  Legal right to work in the United States

What to Expect Disclaimer: This position is expected to start around May 2023 and continue through the entire Summer term (i.e., through Aug/Sept) or into early Fall 2023 if available. We ask for a minimum of 12 weeks, full-time, for most internships. Please consider before applying. International students: if your work authorization is through CPT, please consult your school on your ability to work 40 hours per week before applying. Again, please do not apply until you know you can work 40 hours per week. This is required for external applicants. Many students will be limited to part-time during the academic year.  Internship Programs at Tesla The Internship Recruiting Team is driven by the passion to recognize and develop emerging talent. Our year-round program places the best students in positions where they will grow technically, professionally, and personally through their experience working closely with their Manager, Mentor, and team. We are dedicated to providing an experience that allows the intern to experience life at Tesla by including them in projects that are critical to their team's success.   About the Team As an intern for the Digital Design team at the Tesla Design Studio, you will be primarily tasked to bridge design and engineering, as you help consistently develop the highest-quality digital prototypes for both interior and exterior of production and concept vehicles. Your role will support the design and development of Tesla vehicles while you learn to interpret and define design intent through the creation of accurate and beautiful 3D models. You will be expected to develop high quality, production-ready surfaces and be a trusted source, advisor and problem solver. It is expected that your work displays artistry, imagination and innovation. Our world-class team operates with a non-conventional automotive product development philosophy of high interdisciplinary collaboration, flat organizational structure and technical contribution at all levels. You will be expected to challenge and be challenged, to create, and to innovate. What You’ll Do Learn to develop 3D forms from 2D sketches and renderings Analyze engineering criteria to aid in design surface development Develop surface modeling techniques using Tesla standards Support managing the organization and release of Vehicle Design data  What You’ll Bring On-site internship only Experience with CAD modeling Strong technical problem-solving skills Excellent communication skills (written and verbal) Ability to deliver results on challenging projects with tight deadlines Working towards a degree in Engineering, Architecture, Product Design, Industrial Design, or another related field

What to Expect What to Expect The Maintenance Training Technician is part of the Maintenance department. A successful Maintenance Training Technician will be approachable, outgoing and exudes the Tesla mission in all facets. Our ideal Maintenance Training Technician embodies the Tesla culture and the individualistic approach to training a diverse group of talented individuals.   What You’ll Do What You’ll Do Facilitate training to manage and maintain Maintenance processes with emphasis on safety, quality, and productivity within Fremont - CM. Facilitate New hire onboarding and training tasks Work with the Maintenance Supervisor, Leads and Training Specialists on training plans and coordinating schedules with their group. This includes training of new hires and cross-training present EMTs. Able to jump in and work the production line to understand processes and how to better equip EMTs through a training perspective Able to understand and relay knowledge of updated processes and documentation content In-depth knowledge of MOS (Manufacturing Operating System) transactions in accordance with operation policies to allow for accurate tracking of production processes Train and identify quality or safety issues, open items and QDN’s with suggestions to prevent re-occurrence in the future. Monitoring the certification system (Versatility Chart) and certification input for the Maintenance Team. In-depth understanding and training of the Maintenance requirements and applying continuous improvement strategies on the line. Learn new process skills, keeping up to date with the latest revisions of process operations/equipment, and area cross-training to allow for a flexible, efficient work team. Auditing their area to ensure that the training requirements are being followed and compliance to Manufacturing Instructions. Ensure that training records are ISO 9001 compliant. Use the Learning Management System (LMS), to track, assign, coordinate and create training reports. Promotes continuous improvement of all training programs. Use Outlook to communicate training schedules. Prior experience as an EMT and can leverage background technical skillset do conduct technical trainings and validate understanding  What You’ll Bring What You’ll Bring 3+ years of Maintenance experience with 1-2 years of training role (preferred) Understanding of production process and methodology Strong verbal and written communication skills, including solid interpersonal skills Proficient in MS Office software (Word, Excel, Power Point) Familiarity with continuous improvement methodologies Demonstrates personal leadership and accountability Understanding in adult learning principles, instructional design or education

What to Expect This role is an Accountant on the Corporate Accounting Services team and will primarily focus on performing bank and merchant account reconciliations, analyzing cash activity/trends, and implementing process improvements over the corporate cash accounting function.  We are seeking a candidate with strong experience performing account reconciliations. The candidate must be very comfortable using Excel to analyze large volumes of data quickly.  Experience using SQL to analyze data is a plus. The candidate should be passionate about leveraging technology to automate and scale the cash accounting processes.  The candidate should have experience collaborating with others to research and resolve accounting matters. The cash accounting team interacts with many partners in other Tesla finance departments, including Accounts Receivable, Accounts Payable, Treasury and Tax. What You’ll Do Analyze and reconcile financial accounts (e.g., bank accounts, merchant accounts) from various regions and financial institutions to ensure accurate cash reporting Research and determine the appropriate accounting treatment of unusual or aged reconciling items Ensure timely and accurate recording of financial transactions in accordance with GAAP, SOX and company policies Create and maintain metrics, analyses, and other ad-hoc reports to provide real-time visibility and relevant analysis of cash trends and reconciliation metrics Collaborate with key contacts in other financial departments to research transactions, resolve reconciling differences, and improve processes Identify opportunities and leverage technology to continuously automate and streamline the cash accounting and financial close processes Maintain compliance with Key internal controls over cash reporting What You’ll Bring Ability to multi-task, prioritize and work efficiently in a fast-paced environment Bachelor's or master’s degree in accounting or related finance field 2 to 5 years of relevant accounting experience; CPA is a plus Advanced Microsoft Excel skills (e.g., Power Query, advanced formulas) Experience analyzing large volumes of data (e.g., SQL, querying databases) Passionate about leveraging technology to automate and scale business processes Flexibility with non-standard working hours for month-end close

What to Expect Analyze and help design and develop occupant and pedestrian protection safety systems to further enhance overall vehicle safety in regulatory, consumer testing, and due care cases. Tesla is synonymous with industry leading crash safety performance and in this role, the analysis engineer will be an innovative and skilled problem solver, using all analytical tools available. Where these tools are insufficient or do not exist, they will develop novel methodologies to enable fast and accurate solutions. They will be brilliant, both technically, as an What You’ll Do Build state-of-the-art finite element (FE) models of vehicle structures, interiors and restraints. Design and analyze restraint systems for various vehicle models Develop and apply advanced crash safety FE methodologies and analysis techniques to drive innovation in design. Become familiar with Tesla’s regulatory and non-regulatory crash safety requirements Help in the development of new internal safety requirements. Work closely with structure, seating and interior system design teams to drive improvements in all components related to occupant safety. Perform advanced CAE simulations to evaluate and improve component level and full vehicle occupant performance. Collaborate with Test Engineering teams to develop and support subsystem level and full vehicle crash tests. Perform detailed post-crash test analysis and correlate CAE simulations to test results. Use correlated simulations and work closely with cross-functional engineering teams to progress the design and improve the crash safety performance. Where appropriate, conduct studies by utilizing optimization tools, including DOE/DFSS techniques on vehicle designs to meet performance requirements with the constraints of conflicting attributes like cost and mass. Produce and perform concise management summaries and report-outs. What You’ll Bring BS in Mechanical or Biomechanical Engineering or equivalent experience Previous knowledge of automotive crashworthiness legislation and attributes of vehicle safety and crashworthiness is preferred Very strong engineering fundamentals in problem solving Experience with numerical and analytical methods CAE tools e.g., (LS-Dyna, MADYMO, ADAMS, Abaqus) Test data analysis tools e.g. (DIAdem, Hyperworks, Matlab, LS-pre post and/or Meta-post, Python) Good understanding and experience of vehicle structure development for crashworthiness The ability to articulate and present technical issues to audi

What to Expect Tesla Motors is looking for a Parts Advisor to work on one of the most progressive vehicle brands in the world. This position will involve supporting the Body Repair and Service Program in all aspects. What You’ll Do  Assist Tesla Body Shops with parts related questions via email and phone  Effectively communicate estimated parts ship and arrival time, and provide support for technical parts questions  Follow up with body shop members on parts order and ensure complete satisfaction  Work closely with Tesla's internal teams to improve processes and provide feedback.  Accurately record parts transactions and data into Dealer Management System-attention to detail is critical  Prioritize and efficiently manage a high volume of work, and meet deadlines  Maintain daily metric goals.  Perform other duties as needed What You’ll Bring  1-3 years of experience in the automotive industry  Degree or Certificate from a University program in Automotive Technology a plus  Internal Tesla candidates must have experience using WARP Drive  Knowledge of methods, techniques, parts, tools, and materials used in the repair of vehicles  Ability to work in a fast-paced environment, strong organization skills, problem-solving aptitude  Ability to adhere to performance metrics including: CSI, department goals  Proficient with Microsoft Office Suite, Enovia, CATIA, CAD or other PLM system experience is a plus  Strong written and verbal communication skills as well as the ability to follow instructions required  Dealer automotive service experience a plus  Must be 18 years or older

What to Expect Dimensional Engineer – (MegaFactory)  What to Expect We are seeking an energetic and engaging Dimensional Engineer to join the Mega Metrology team under the quality group supporting all production lines of the MegaFactory. The ideal candidate will candidate will have flexibility to support all shifts and overtime as needed but will be allocated to core day shift. The dimensional Engineer will report to the Quality Manager and work collaboratively with the staff dimensional engineer performing dimensional investigations as well as support Design, Process and Manufacturing groups to validate part quality and tooling setups changes.   What You’ll Do What You’ll Do Improve Lab operations and processes Plan staffing, equipment needs and continuous improvement & training. Design and implement automated and manual data collection processes Act as specialist in ‘applied metrology’ and provide support to manufacturing and design areas in development of appropriate measurement methods, including researching and recommending new technologies, analyzing existing measurement methods, and training as required. Create and validate Measurement Uncertainty Budget. Work closely with Metrology Technicians to improve current processes and develop new methods for unique measurement challenges. Work with Manufacturing Engineers, Design Engineers, and Quality Engineers to understand their needs and develop measurement techniques, processes and procedures which meet Tesla’s requirements. Work closely with the Metrology Manager on continuously improving the Labs’ processes, procedures, datasheets, and measurement techniques. Provide dimensional expertise to support improvement projects (cycle time, efficiency, safety, etc). Analyze and break down dimensional data to identify source of problems (Sub assembly, Tooling, Supplier part, etc). Actively monitor dimensional accuracy of drive unit and battery product thru various measurement systems (CMM, Faro, Check fixture, Romer, Laser Tracker, 3D scanner, etc). Provide day to day production support on quality concerns and develop and implement short/long term countermeasure to quality problems while maintaining operation efficiency. Standardizing processes by developing, deploying, and training others on dimensional engineering best practices. Support incoming inspection correlation, MSA, FAI and Capability analysis for various external suppliers Responsible for creating and validating tolerance deviation requests Provide expertise on GD&T best practices and closely work with Quality and Design engineer to make sure that datum scheme and tolerances are accurate for the form, fit and function of the assemblies. What You’ll Bring What You’ll Bring Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical or Manufacturing Engineering, or equivalent experience Minimally 3-5 years of experience in quality, metrology, or design engineering Excellent understanding of GD&T and ability to create datum strategies that minimize tolerance stack-up in critical areas Strong mechanical intuition and extensive hands-on experience modifying tooling, fixtures, etc Ability to read and interpret mechanical drawings and make correction if needed Experienced with CAD design software (CATIA is a must) Experienced using measurement tools for root cause diagnostics (stationary and portable CMMs, Faro laser tracker, Leica 3D scanner, Polyworks). Strong understanding of statistics to identify critical process parameters. Strong communication and team working skills at all levels of an organization Ability to present simple solutions to complex problems and influence key change directives to other engineering teams.   Tesla is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer committed to diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, gender identity or any other factor protected by applicable federal, state or local laws.  Tesla is also committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. Please let your recruiter know if you need an accommodation at any point during the interview process.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here). Please contact accommodationrequest@tesla.com for additional information or to request accommodations.  Privacy is a top priority for Tesla. We build it into our products and view it as an essential part of our business. To understand more about the data we collect and process as part of your application, please view our Tesla Talent Privacy Notice.

What to Expect  Our Tesla Service Technicians are members of the largest technician team on the planet, working together in pursuit of our mission to accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy. Joining Tesla, means being a part of a team of the most talented Technicians and Engineers on the planet, working on cutting edge automotive technology and on the most advanced cars in production today. Our Technicians are the heart of every service location and we rely on their expertise in process improvement and in the delivery of the best service and products to our customers. We want you to elevate your professional growth through a combination of programs and on the job training, accelerating your career and unlocking your potential. With a global presence, we want to support your growth and career wherever life may take you. Our expectation is that you bring your full self to work each day, deliver high quality product, provide exceptional customer service, and help support our mission.  What You’ll Do  Execute basic and advanced diagnostic and repair work on all aspects of Tesla product line Work independently and as a team to drive maximum repair efficiency Provide feedback to Tesla design and engineering teams directly to enable continuous improvement of repair procedures and products. Participate with a collaborative, inclusive, and respectful attitude in an ever-changing dynamic environment. Enjoy your company supplied laptop to support diagnostics and provide online training opportunities Operate a variety of top-of-the-line hand, power and shop tools Consistently and concisely detail and document repairs Inspect and maintain shop equipment and request replacement as required Partner with other teams to ensure delivery of an exceptional product by cleaning and detailing vehicles, as needed Assist with onboarding and training of new technicians to help upskill the team  What You’ll Bring What You’ll Bring High School Diploma or Associate Degree/Certificate, or work experience in a related technology space (aeronautics, engines, electrical, ships, etc.) Automotive Service Technicians License, or desire to become Technician Apprentice through provincial schooling (Canada only) Demonstrated ability to learn new technologies and processes, and adapt to change Ability to innovate, solve complex issues, and present new ideas Ability to follow oral and written instructions with attention to detail Proven ability to effectively handle multiple priorities, organize workload, and meet deadlines Section 609 Refrigerant handling certification preferred Experience working in a team-based environment and achieving common goals Evidence of a "safety first" attitude Basic command of the English or French (Canada Only) language Must be at least 18 years of age Basic computer skills, including navigating web browsers and standard applications like Excel and Word. Valid driver’s license in the country (State for US) in which you are applying with a clean driving history

What to Expect The Role The HR Partner drives our mission by working with leaders across the business to ensure Tesla is a great place to work for all our employees. Our team achieves results by being innovative, driven, collaborative and trustworthy. This role is both hands-on and strategic and provides expertise in the areas of employee relations, workforce planning, performance management, compensation, employee retention, coaching/development, conflict management and ad hoc projects as necessary. Tesla’s HR Business Partners are passionate about their work and help deliver positive change every day. What You’ll Do  Be a credible activist for your clients, your team and our mission. Exert influence to create positive change and proactively mitigate and resolve employee issues. Adaptability and Capability to learn the business of your client.  Partner effectively with HR specialist groups including Learning & Development, Employee and Labor Relations, Recruiting, HR Services, and Compensation.  Work with the business and others in HR to develop effective organizational structures and on specific job design and leveling to drive organizational health.  Proactively identify opportunities and assess improvements to the employee experience and partner with management to develop and implement innovative and lasting solutions.  Be a leader throughout Tesla. Advise, mentor/coach and guide all levels of management to develop positive employee engagement capability and leadership skills.  Build credibility and trust among employees. Resolve employee concerns through compassion, a systematic approach, clear documentation and follow-through.  Partner with the business to build engaged, high-performing teams  Consult and advise on succession planning, talent reviews and driving the annual merit planning cycle.  Actively develop our team members.  In partnership with leaders, develop workforce plans that ensure our success for the long term What You’ll Bring Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent in relevant work experience. 4+ years’ experience in a HR Business Partner or other HR role including coaching, employee relations, recruiting, compensation, training and HR project management or program implementation. Experience objectively coaching employees and management through complex, difficult and emotional issues. Applied knowledge of federal, state and local laws and statutes for employment. Thorough understanding and hands-on application of internal and external HR principles, concepts, practices and standards. Demonstrated experience in organizational development, change management, coaching and communications. Demonstrated ability to effectively partner with all levels of the organization and positively influence teams. Proven planning and organizational skills, attention to detail, ability to handle multiple tasks. Outstanding written and verbal communication; must be a clear, concise and persuasive communicator. Evidence of exceptional ability.

What to Expect Data is deeply embedded in the product and engineering culture at Tesla. We collect data from our vehicle fleet and use it to support service and engineering in identifying issues at the fleet or vehicle level, enabling diagnostic automation and technician workflow to identify issues and take corrective actions. We're looking for a talented engineer to join us in analyzing and reporting on data, creating ETL processes, and implementing improvements to our data platform. Your work will affect thousands of technicians and Tesla engineers daily, enabling them to keep our vehicle fleet on the road and improve customer experience. What You’ll Do Develop analysis and reporting focused on operational, technical metrics and KPIs Deliver quick turnarounds on dashboards, identify trends and/or issues within data sets, and make recommendations to influence business decisions and investments Improve our data platform by improving performance, stability and maintainability of our relational databases, ETL pipelines, queue (Kafka, RabbitMQ) environments Evaluate the effectiveness of engineering initiatives and deliver actionable insights to improve service productivity Present analytical results and insights to business partners to answer strategic questions and influence business decisions What You’ll Bring Minimum of 2-3 years of experience in a software/data engineering related capacity Understanding of relational database theory and proficiency in writing, understanding, and optimizing complex SQL code Experience with Business Intelligence tools (eg Tableau or Superset) and real time dashboard development Experience with Jupyter, Pandas workflow Software engineering fundamentals, knowledge of data structure and algorithms Strong communication, organizational, and analytical and problem solving skills Nice to Have  Knowledge of statistical models, predictive model development (Python, R, SAS, etc), machine learning, proficiency in Spark Understanding of queue-based environments including Kafka or AMQP

What to Expect Work alongside Autopilot, Tesla Bot, Dojo, and more teams to validate current and future products. Help root cause concerns, create test plans, build units with countermeasures, and execute test to validate solutions. We expect all team members to operate independently with minimal supervision. The work will include handling thermal, mechanical, electrical, and control systems.   What You’ll Do Instrumentation (temperature, pressure, flowrate, current) Design, 3D print, machine, and assemble test fixtures Thermal characterization of components at benchtop level in the lab Thermal characterization of components at vehicle level Assemble different components of Electronic System Install and remove components in vehicle Assemble liquid- and air-cooled systems including fans, radiators, valves, pumps, manifolds, and flow control devices Support engineering teams in data analysis and generating reports What You’ll Bring Familiar with sensors and gauges Familiar with Data Acquisition systems Familiar with Electronic Systems (consumer or automotive) Previous experience in building thermal test fixtures and validation of engineering systems Vehicle-level knowledge preferred Ability to write scripts and data analysis preferred Knowledge of different materials (polymers, plastics, metals) preferred CNC and Machining preferred 3D printing and rapid prototyping preferred

What to Expect The Vehicle Readiness Specialist is a key contributor to the Tesla experience by preparing vehicles for customers, and working with teammates to find opportunities for continuous improvement and new ways of vehicle readiness. This position is responsible for the high-quality preparation of customer cars, washing vehicles, and preparing new customer delivery vehicles. Success requires a desire to work quickly and efficiently, be challenged, have a high level of accountability, and a personal satisfaction in doing a great job.  What You’ll Do What You’ll Do  Clean service, loaner, and gallery vehicles  Clean vehicle exteriors and interiors in compliance with company standards  Operate steamers, hoses, vacuums, and other equipment  Ability to spot check and manage paint correction onsite as needed  Track schedules, prioritize, and manage time effectively to meet deadlines  Communicate with various teams that are involved in the vehicle orientation process  Manage inventory and reorder supplies, as needed  Troubleshoot issues and escalate to management through appropriate channels when needed  Perform additional responsibilities as assigned to meet business needs  What You’ll Bring  Must have a valid driver's license and must be insured  High School diploma or equivalent  Proven track record of a great work ethic  Demonstrated ability to be a team player  Ability to lift 50 - 60 pounds

What to Expect As the Manager, Site Construction you will lead a team of Site Construction Project Managers, Project Engineers, and Field Engineers on the execution of all Site construction projects spanning Tesla’s entire 2,500-acre + site What You’ll Do You will be directly responsible for overseeing and directing site construction projects from conception to completion, ensuring quality and timely delivery You will support the execution of DOT, Private, and County roadway infrastructure construction including street, storm sewer, traffic signal, signing/striping, traffic control, lighting, pedestrian, and other associated infrastructure design. You will lead heavy civil infrastructure construction management, including stormwater, sanitary, potable water, and other underground utilities You will be responsible for coordination efforts with other design and engineering, subcontractors, and peer leadership Develop and maintain good client relationships with the technical and project leaders as well as municipal and county clientele What You’ll Bring Bachelor’s Degree in Construction Management, Civil Engineering, Engineering, or equivalent industry experience 5+ years of experience in construction leadership of highly complex, large-scale site infrastructure projects Extensive experience leading a multi-disciplinary team and communicating with stakeholders and leadership across a larger cross functional group Extensive experience with contractors and vendor management experience (request for proposals, bidding, change orders, quality control, RFI/submittal tracking) associated with construction and project execution Eagerness to spend time in the field and to get hands dirty as needed to complete objectives or find the correct information Excellent written, verbal communication, presentation, and organization skills Confident in decision making ability and coordinating among key stakeholders

What to Expect Tesla’s Supplier Industrialization team is responsible for critical component development and qualification activities with suppliers. This role involves communicating well with internal and external teams, traveling to suppliers in different regions up to 15% of the time, and on-the-spot critical decision making.  What You’ll Do Define and develop Failure Analysis procedures Develop HW and SW tools to facilitate the Failure Analysis process Develop training material based on the Failure Analysis procedures Deliver training, coaching and mentoring for Failure Analysis technicians and engineers What You’ll Bring BS degree in Electrical Engineering and evidence of exceptional ability 4 years or more of relevant hands-on experience on electrical design or failure analysis of hardware and software. Solid knowledge on Power electronics topologies (AC/DC, DC/DC & DC/AC), High voltage power semiconductor selection (Si/SiC/GaN MOSFET’s, Diodes), gate drive and protection circuits, Switching waveforms, Semi-conductor losses and loss modeling. Theory and application of magnetics (inductors, transformers) and capacitors (Electrolytic, film and Ceramic) used for power conversion, Microprocessors, Power supplies, Transceivers Proficiency with basic analysis tools (Oscilloscopes, Network analyzers, Signal Generators etc.). Knowledge on fundamentals of electronic communication protocols like Ethernet, CAN Bus, USB, I2C, SPI, UART Self-motivated and ability to work independently Hands on and ready to work on a fast-paced environment Domestic and international travel may be required, sometimes on short notice

What to Expect Our Tesla Service Technicians are members of the largest technician team on the planet, working together in pursuit of our mission to accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy. Joining Tesla, means being a part of a team of the most talented Technicians and Engineers on the planet, working on cutting edge automotive technology and on the most advanced cars in production today. Our Technicians are the heart of every service location and we rely on their expertise in process improvement and in the delivery of the best service and products to our customers. We want you to elevate your professional growth through a combination of programs and on the job training, accelerating your career and unlocking your potential. With a global presence, we want to support your growth and career wherever life may take you. Our expectation is that you bring your full self to work each day, deliver high quality product, provide exceptional customer service, and help support our mission. Schedudule will be 4 - 10's. Friday to Monday What You’ll Do  Execute basic and advanced diagnostic and repair work on all aspects of Tesla product line   Work independently and as a team to drive maximum repair efficiency   Provide feedback to Tesla design and engineering teams directly to enable continuous improvement of repair procedures and products.   Participate with a collaborative, inclusive, and respectful attitude in an ever-changing dynamic environment.   Enjoy your company supplied laptop to support diagnostics and provide online training opportunities   Operate a variety of top-of-the-line hand, power and shop tools   Consistently and concisely detail and document repairs   Inspect and maintain shop equipment and request replacement as required   Partner with other teams to ensure delivery of an exceptional product by cleaning and detailing vehicles, as needed   Assist with onboarding and training of new technicians to help upskill the team What You’ll Bring  High School Diploma or Associate Degree/Certificate, or work experience in a related technology space (aeronautics, engines, electrical, ships, etc.)   Automotive Service Technicians License, or desire to become Technician Apprentice through provincial schooling (Canada only)   Demonstrated ability to learn new technologies and processes, and adapt to change   Ability to innovate, solve complex issues, and present new ideas  Ability to follow oral and written instructions with attention to detail   Proven ability to effectively handle multiple priorities, organize workload, and meet deadlines   Section 609 Refrigerant handling certification preferred   Experience working in a team-based environment and achieving common goals   Evidence of a "safety first" attitude   Basic command of the English or French (Canada Only) language  Must be at least 18 years of age   Basic computer skills, including navigating web browsers and standard applications like Excel and Word.   Valid driver’s license in the country (State for US) in which you are applying with a clean driving history  Compensation ($22.97 - $33.66) is based on a variety of factors including but not limited to work experience, skills, certifications, etc. Along with competitive pay, as a full-time Tesla employee, you are eligible for the following benefits at day 1 of hire: Aetna PPO and HSA plans > 2 medical plan options with $0 payroll deduction Family-building, fertility, adoption and surrogacy benefits Dental (including orthodontic coverage) and vision plans, both have options with a $0 paycheck contribution Company Paid (Health Savings Account) HSA Contribution when enrolled in the High Deductible Aetna medical plan with HSA Healthcare and Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts (FSA) LGBTQ+ care concierge services 401(k) with employer match, Employee Stock Purchase Plans, and other financial benefits Company paid Basic Life, AD&D, short-term and long-term disability insurance Employee Assistance Program Sick and Vacation time (Flex time for salary positions), and Paid Holidays Back-up childcare and parenting support resources Voluntary benefits to include: critical illness, hospital indemnity, accident insurance, theft & legal services, and pet insurance Weight Loss and Tobacco Cessation Programs Tesla Babies program Commuter benefits Employee discounts and perks program

What to Expect As a Tech Trainee you are working on one of the most progressive vehicles in the world. This position is customer facing, so solid customer service skills combined with exceptional “hands on” technical ability go hand in hand. This position is located at the service center. Communication is highly important. Excellent Oral and Written communication required. If you are able to deliver strong customer satisfaction consistently, are motivated and a team player, we are interested in speaking with you. Relevant military service may be substituted for industry experience, and military veterans are encouraged to apply. What You’ll Do  Performs entry-level work in the inspection, repair, and service of Tesla electric vehicles.  Operate a variety of hand, power, and shop tools.  Perform equipment inspections, adjustments and certifications.  Perform Pre-Delivery Inspections (PDI) of new cars.  Maintain records of time and materials.  Maintain inventory of shop supplies and parts.  Perform other related duties as assigned.  Help maintain vehicle cleanliness of customer cars.  Support lead technicians as needed.  Knowledge of: Methods, techniques, parts, tools and materials used in the maintenance and repair of vehicles. Operation and maintenance of a wide variety of hand power tools, shop tools, and automotive and electrical test equipment.  Efficient skills in basic automotive techniques related to repair and servicing of automobiles.  Support Parts & Front of House operations as needed or on a rotational basis. What You’ll Bring  High School Diploma or GED.  Post-secondary automotive education (or equivalent military service experience) preferred but not required.  Must be at least 18 years of age.  Valid driver’s license, clean driving record and insurable.  Must be capable of reporting to training location or local service center as needed.  Ability to lift up to 60 pounds.  Must follow verbal and written instructions with attention to detail.  Be able to work in a team-based environment and achieve set goals.  Must have a "safety first" attitude.  Familiar understanding of the English language.  Basic computer skills, including navigating web browsers and using standard applications such as Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Outlook).

What to Expect The Hazardous Waste Technician will report directly to the Hazardous Waste Operations Supervisor. The Hazardous Waste Technician will have responsibility for the performance of tasks associated with the collection and safe/compliant handling of hazardous waste materials generated by our Fremont Factory. The ideal candidate is an excellent communicator, self-driven and works well with cross-functional teams. The ideal candidate must also take pride in his/her analytical abilities, operational mindset, organization skills and attention to detail. He/she appreciates a setting where superior work is encouraged, recognized, and rewarded. What You’ll Do Perform collection and consolidation of hazardous waste containers generated by commissioning/manufacturing processes  Conduct 90-day Central Accumulation Area inspections and reporting Provide emergency spill response and cleanup  Ensure all spills are properly logged in a timely manner  Perform decontamination and equipment cleaning  Perform breakdown and processing of waste streams such as filters and universal wastes  Ensure proper packaging of hazardous waste to maintain compliance  Respond to ad hoc requests for hazardous waste pick up  Sort and segregate hazardous wastes as appropriate  Prepare loads for hazardous waste disposal  Ensure hazardous waste containers are properly labeled  Conduct manifesting and pre-load preparation  Ensure hazardous waste containers are disposed of within the allotted time  Provide on-call coverage due to time off, training, weekend work, etc.  Ensure compliance with all Tesla requirements for managing hazardous waste  Load or unload materials into containers or onto trucks utilizing material handling equipment  Continually identify and investigate opportunities for waste minimization and cost savings  Collaborate with third-party waste vendors providing site service What You’ll Bring  Perform collection of hazardous waste containers from commissioning/manufacturing processes, as required  High school graduate preferred  3+ years of experience in high tech industry or similar manufacturing operations environment.  HAZWOPER, DOT, RCRA generator training  Ability to work efficiently and effectively under pressure  Ability to operate mobile equipment such as forklifts, tuggers and carts  Valid driver license may be required  Ability to effectively interface with cross functional teams (e.g., engineering, production, maintenance, EHS etc.)  Proficient in Outlook, Word, and Excel

What to Expect Role As a SCADA engineer, your duties focus on designing, configuring, and deploying SCADA systems using Ignition in an automotive manufacturing environment. You will assist in deploying our standard SCADA solution to new manufacturing lines. You will support various teams of engineers and maintenance personnel in developing, training, and troubleshooting tasks. You will also be developing updates, new features, and improvements as we migrate from 7.9 Vision to 8.1 Perspective.  Responsibilities Meeting with various shop teams and supporting them in getting their SCADA system running Troubleshooting scripts, SQL queries, OPC connection issues, network issues, etc.  Coordinating tasks with Controls Engineers and reporting current progress in Jira Work with a wide array of technologies from equipment PLCs /robots to high level IT applications and system.  Investigating documented and undocumented systems to understand their functionality Prioritizing tasks on time requirement and urgency Handling support requests Investigating Siemens PLC code to understand and improve the data being sent to SCADA Requirements At least 3 years of Ignition experience Mid Python experience: Good understanding of best practices, Develop code that is readable, maintainable, and extensible Basic familiarity with CSS and HTML and responsive web design Ignition Perspective experience Familiarity with Kafka a plus Basic Linux experience  Basic SQL experience (MySQL)  Understanding of PLC communication (OPC-UA ) Good debugging/ troubleshooting skills Networking and general IT knowledge  Ability to work on their own to find answers and solutions Good documentation skills for work performed, how to guides, tutorials, etc.  Siemens PLC (TIA portal 16) experience Very good written and spoken English skills  Degree as Bachelor / Master / Dipl.-Ing. (TH / FH) specializing in Electrical, Mechanical or Mechatronics Engineering, Computer Science or the equivalent in experience and evidence of exceptional ability Docker experience a plus  What You’ll Do Meeting with various shop teams and supporting them in getting their SCADA system running Troubleshooting scripts, SQL queries, OPC connection issues, network issues, etc.  Coordinating tasks with Controls Engineers and reporting current progress in Jira Work with a wide array of technologies from equipment PLCs /robots to high level IT applications and system.  Investigating documented and undocumented systems to understand their functionality Prioritizing tasks on time requirement and urgency Handling support requests Investigating Siemens PLC code to understand and improve the data being sent to SCADA What You’ll Bring At least 3 years of Ignition experience Mid Python experience: Good understanding of best practices, Develop code that is readable, maintainable, and extensible Basic familiarity with CSS and HTML and responsive web design Ignition Perspective experience Familiarity with Kafka a plus Basic Linux experience  Basic SQL experience (MySQL)  Understanding of PLC communication (OPC-UA ) Good debugging/ troubleshooting skills Networking and general IT knowledge  Ability to work on their own to find answers and solutions Good documentation skills for work performed, how to guides, tutorials, etc.  Siemens PLC (TIA portal 16) experience Very good written and spoken English skills  Degree as Bachelor / Master / Dipl.-Ing. (TH / FH) specializing in Electrical, Mechanical or Mechatronics Engineering, Computer Science or the equivalent in experience and evidence of exceptional ability Docker experience a plus

What to Expect Tesla Motors is looking for a Body Shop Paint Prep and Detailer to work on one of the most progressive vehicle brands in the world. This position will involve supporting the Body Repair Program in all aspects.  What You’ll Do -Remove grease, dirt, paint, or rust from vehicle surfaces in preparation for paint application, using abrasives, solvents, brushes, blowtorches, washing tanks, or sandblasters.  -Assist painter in pre-paint blending needs.  -Work with paint team to assist in keeping vehicle on track for scheduled delivery time.  -Fill small dents or scratches with body fillers and smooth surfaces to prepare vehicles for painting.  -Buff and wax the finished paintwork.  -Disassemble, clean, and reassemble sprayers and power equipment, using solvents, wire brushes, and cloths for cleaning duties.  -Detail vehicles ready for delivery to customers What You’ll Bring -Prior experience in vehicle paint process  -I-CAR certifications preferred  -Ability to receive directions and work well with others  -Occasionally exposed to hot, cold, wet or humid conditions  -Must be able to lift up to 50 pounds  -Must be at least 18 years of age

What to Expect Mobile Service Technicians are the leaders of our service teams in new markets and are solely responsible for the effective and efficient day to day service operation ensuring customer satisfaction is premium. In this role, you will be responsible for delivering an impeccable service experience to each and every Tesla customer while preparing Tesla Service teams to meet the needs of our Model S, Model X, Model 3 customers and beyond. This role will be a hands-on technical role with wonderful opportunity for growth and development in our Service Center. What You’ll Do Our Service team must deliver excellent results and achieve goals quarter after quarter, month after month, on all aspects of customers, people, operations, and financials. Customer focused: Our customers are changing the world, and it is your responsibility to exceed their expectations of what a service experience should be. We expect you to go above and beyond for our customers. You will actively monitor customer service trends to make necessary improvements and assist your team in developing appropriate standards and processes to continuously elevate the overall service experience. People: Our Mobile Service Technician will set the example. We expect you to put your team’s success before your own, and actively involve yourself in your team members’ growth and development. Your team will look to you to set the standard for open communication, active problem solving, and a positive work environment. We will look to you to build a team of top talent and mentor the next generation of Tesla leaders. Our Leading Technicians are the coaches of their teams – you must provide regular coaching and feedback and have a deep knowledge of your team’s strengths and opportunities. You will be responsible for leading change and inspiring your team every day. Operational excellence: As a Mobile Service Technician, you must understand and own every aspect of your service center’s performance. You will be responsible for driving continuous improvements to facilitate exceptional team output and customer service. We expect you to champion safety, efficiency, quality, and overall excellence in all your actions and decisions. Our Service team acts in the best interest of Tesla at all times. You must have a passion for our mission, our people, and our customers. Technical acumen is required – you must develop a knowledge of all Tesla products, as well as Service systems, processes, and procedures. What You’ll Bring Educational experience: Qualified motor mechanic, Diagnostic Technician and/or Master Technician. Factory Trained Master or Diagnostic Technician Status/OEM Training. Knowledge of methods, techniques, parts, tools, and materials used in the maintenance and repair of vehicle including testing, diagnosis, HVAC service, hydraulic, brakes, testing and repair of electronic systems and modules. Knowledge of extensive skill and experience using diagnostic scan tools, following diagnostics, and operating scopes. Hybrid Experience a Bonus. Valid driver’s license and insurance required. HVAC Licensing that meets local standards preferred. Good verbal English capabilities. Professional experience: Prior leadership experience in a service-focused industry. Occasional travel will be required both interstate and international. Attitude & Approach Be a leader and a team-player. You will be required to be ‘hands on’ with Tesla vehicles particularly in the initial stages of our development. Love to change the status quo and work well in high-pressure situations. Exceptional prioritization and time management skills are essential for success. Be strategic and proactive. You must think and plan to give your team the tools they need to be successful. Be self-aware, flexible, and open-minded. You are in a startup environment championing and rolling out local service efforts. Possess a rare combination of analytical thinking, hands-on problem solving, and a customer-service mindset. Be an advocate for your customers and your team. Your success depends on theirs. Employee Benefits As a full time, Tesla employee, you will receive full benefits from day 1 for you and your dependents. Kaiser and UnitedHealthcare PPO and HSA plans (including infertility coverage) 3 medical plan choices with $0 paycheck contribution Vision & dental plans (including orthodontic coverage) Company paid Life, AD&D, short-term and long-term disability 401(k), Employee Stock Purchase Plans, and other financial benefits Employee Assistance Program, Paid Time Off, and Paid Holidays Back-up childcare and employee discounts

What to Expect The Role The Tesla Advisor consistently delivers on an incredible educational, immersive, and exciting experience to all of our current and future customers as well as create a memorable experience for our customers on delivery day. They constitute Tesla’s front line and are our brand ambassadors, supporting our mission to accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy. As a Tesla Advisor, you will support customers from the moment they walk into our showrooms to learn about Tesla through to their delivery day experience. We’ve created one of the most innovative vehicles ever made, and you will help deliver an equally innovative buying and delivery experience. To succeed at Tesla, you must be energetic, highly organized, and hard working. You should have a passion for sustainable energy and the ability to create exceptional client experiences. While individual contributions will be recognized, teamwork is essential to achieve the highest level of success. We will reward team players who help others succeed and empower the team around them. What You’ll Do Engage walk in guests promptly, personally and with the goal of opening the conversation and ensuring they feel welcome Excite, engage and educate prospective customers and current owners through calls, emails or text and outbound events to educate them about Tesla’s product offering and answering questions Help Tesla maintain a healthy sales pipeline by collecting customer contact information and scheduling and copiloting Test Drives for individuals who exhibit purchase intent or potential Actively contribute to the achievement of monthly sales and delivery targets by achieving and exceeding individual Sales and KPI targets Effectively present and sell and support the delivery and installation the entire Tesla eco-system Provide the highest level of customer service throughout the full sales and delivery cycle & installation process, as well as continued support throughout ownership Prepare, stage, and charge customer vehicles in advance of their scheduled delivery appointment Educate new owners by conducting a comprehensive vehicle orientation, tailored to the individual customer's needs and comfort level Execute customer documents on delivery day Demonstrate a mastery of all Tesla products and services. Keep up with EV industry trends and local incentives Conduct direct deliveries from Delivery Centers to customer homes Perform additional responsibilities as assigned to meet business needs What You’ll Bring At least 1+ year of customer service and/or sales experience with proven track record to meet or exceed goals Positive, enthusiastic and passionate about the changes in the personal transportation industry Ability to understand and convey business issues and technical concepts Strong sense of team mentality and reliability Great attention to detail with strong organization and communication skills Proficient with Microsoft Office suite and CRM tools Ability to work evening hours, weekends and holidays in a retail environment Ability to obtain appropriate state licensing, where applicable Must be at least 18 years of age and maintain a valid driver’s license and an acceptable and safe driving record Must be able to successfully pass a pre-employment background check Legal right to work in the United States

What to Expect As an operations supervisor, you will lead an operations team and drive metrics in the cell recycling process. In this role, you will work cross-functionally with our engineering, maintenance, EHS and R&D teams to ensure production goals are safely being met. You will be expected to drive improvement of operations processes, give feedback to engineering teams on process improvements, and build a strong operations culture.  What You’ll Do Responsible for developing and maintaining a positive, professional, and proactive operating group with a focus on monitoring, technical execution, and customer service.  Responsible for planning, supervising, and coordinating the Cell Recycling Operations Group.  Responsible for ensuring group operates within site and company safety protocols and champions for improvements when needed.  Responsible for leading skilled technical staff in executing complex, critical operations of Cell Recycling equipment and processes.  Duties include enforcing policies developing procedures and planning the use of materials and human resources to support daily planned and unplanned activities.  Provide training, mentoring, performance improvement and career development to personnel on shift.  Work on complex issues where analysis of situations and/or data requires in-depth knowledge of complex, technical systems organizational objectives.  Acts as advisor to team members to meet schedules, resolve technical problems, and acts as incident commander during facility excursions; manages on-shift escalations.  Identifies complex problems and reviews related information to develop and evaluate options and implement solutions to prevent reoccurrence.  Verify completion of planned task execution.  Communicates detailed plans for work assignments and is the first point of contact for issues that arise on the shift.  Reviews activity reports, and other data to measure productivity and goal achievement performance.  What You’ll Bring BS degree in technical field or equivalent in work experience.  4+ years of related trade experience supporting critical operations of complex systems in high-risk environments. (Power plants, refineries, petro-chemical, nuclear etc.)  Wear and champion Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) per site protocol  Ability to sit, stand and/or walk for 10+ hours per day  Sit at computer terminal, uses computer for extended periods of time  Must be able to lift at least 10-20 lbs.  Capable of obtaining OSHA 30 within 3 months of hire.  Work in heavy equipment rooms, chemical storage, and distribution locations, and industrial waste plants  Able to discern audible and visual alarms.  Potential to work with materials which contain hazardous chemicals.  Support and/or work shift duties in a 24x7 manufacturing environment.  High tolerance for change.  Strong teamwork and communication skills

What to Expect Tesla is seeking a Sr. Technical Program Manager on the Cell Tabless team to be part of a world-class team of engineers that are Responsible for cell manufacturing equipment design and process development at the pilot Tesla cell factory in Fremont, California. As a Technical Program Manager, you are responsible for managing projects from “cradle to grave”. This includes driving the design, development, and implementation automated equipment such as winders / welders. Program managers own driving the scope, schedule, implementation and cost of the project as well as additional functions such as vendor relations, stakeholder management and report outs. What You’ll Do “Concept to completion” ownership of projects Drive project from concept through handover to production, acting as single point of contact. Define and drive manufacturing program plans, outlining strategy, scope, schedule, resource requirements, and cost targets. Work with manufacturing engineering and cross-functional teams to drive the manufacturing program towards the plan. Set goals, track deliverables, identify risk and drive mitigations across all stages of the project. Own report-outs for all projects, highlighting status, risks, mitigations and opportunities across all levels of management within Tesla. Define and drive tasks to be performed by the cross-functional team. Prioritize team project work based on schedule, risk, resources, and payback. Track status of projects and action items against the schedule. Identify creative ways to overcome obstacles and meet the schedule despite setbacks. Drive review, selection, budget and schedule of external equipment automation vendors and integrators for delivery of selected manufacturing project scope. Work collaboratively with all engineering stakeholders (project engineering, design, manufacturing, process, metrology, controls, software etc.) through the various stages of the project: Concept development, prototype testing, engineering design, system build, integration, and testing. Drive vendor partnership working closely with supply chain and purchasing team and ensure alignment on engineering requirements, scope, schedule and cost. Drive requirements and solutions with all internal stakeholders such as infrastructure, logistics, controls, software and manufacturing engineering teams for the success of the project. Continuously develop and adapt processes and methodologies to the team’s needs. Manage road-map of projects working within the framework of the overall program. What You’ll Bring Bachelor’s Degree or higher in Mechanical, Electrical, or Manufacturing Engineering (or similar technical engineering discipline), and/or evidence of exceptional experience. 4-6 years working in a manufacturing environment, in a mix of engineering and project management roles. Demonstrated experience in the management of engineering projects for mass-produced products. Ability to comprehend complex problems and break them down into manageable, clearly understood work streams Demonstrated experience creating, maintaining and communicating schedules Ability to work cross-functionally and manage large teams. Proven ability to operate under pressure while managing multiple priorities simultaneously. Experience with JIRA, Microsoft Project, Confluence, Wrike, and other project management tools. Availability for travel domestic/international as required, sometimes multiple weeks at a time. Knowledge and understanding of Battery Cell technology a plus.

The Role The Structures Technical Program Manager will be the Engineering Program owner for all Drive Systems castings and structural parts. Their core responsibility will be managing execution for new product launches, production design improvements, and capacity expansion projects. They will support the Engineering team by tracking and organizing all relevant schedules and metrics and managing resource prioritization across active projects. They will also be the team’s central owner for build plan and work with Global Sourcing and Factory Operations to ensure production demand is met and drive escalation and resolution for any risks to schedule. In addition to exceptional organization skills, the Structures TPM must also utilize strong technical skills to work in depth with multiple engineering teams to lead technical reviews, testing and validation planning, and highly involved impact reviews for implementation planning. They are expected to have an in depth understanding of manufacturing, assembly, and testing requirements for the product and a clear understanding of relevant technical risks. They are also expected to use this knowledge to drive high priority reaction and resolution plans across all relevant teams for any design or product quality issues discovered in the product lifecycle. Responsibilities  Act as Engineering Program owner for all DSE Structures product launches and improvement projects  Manage build plans across multiple programs and communicate and resolve shortfalls  Coordinate with crossfunctional teams on multiple continents to prioritize and manage high-impact changes and drive improvements to all relevant project schedules  Track and maintain key component and program metrics including cost, reliability, mass, and performance to schedule  Lead critical priority reaction plans for design and quality risks  Lead development of testing and validation timelines, DFMEAs, and DVP&Rs  Manage prototype sourcing and logistics for early stage program needs  Facilitate logistics and tracking for priority projects including shipment of trial parts and test units amongst internal, supplier, and external test sites  Document lessons learned and extend new improvements and best practices across projects and into new launches  Collaborate with Engineering Part and System owners on Product updates and ensure all changes are well-documented and efficiently implemented with Operations groups. Requirements  Background in Mechanical or Aerospace Engineering, Mechatronics, or the equivalent in experience and evidence of exceptional ability  Minimum 4 years’ experience in project management for complex mechanical products  Extensive background in sourcing for large die castings or other technically complex, long lead time products  Proactive, highly organized, and detail oriented, with strong technical communication ability - able to drive improvements across a global interdisciplinary team  Experience analyzing product metrics, business cases, and schedules for large scale implementation

What to Expect The Vehicle Readiness Specialist is a key contributor to the Tesla experience by preparing vehicles for customers, and working with teammates to find opportunities for continuous improvement and new ways of vehicle readiness. This position is responsible for the high-quality preparation of customer cars, washing vehicles, and preparing new customer delivery vehicles. Success requires a desire to work quickly and efficiently, be challenged, have a high level of accountability, and a personal satisfaction in doing a great job.  What You’ll Do  Clean service, loaner, and gallery vehicles  Clean vehicle exteriors and interiors in compliance with company standards  Operate steamers, hoses, vacuums, and other equipment  Ability to spot check and manage paint correction onsite as needed  Track schedules, prioritize, and manage time effectively to meet deadlines  Communicate with various teams that are involved in the vehicle orientation process  Manage inventory and reorder supplies, as needed  Troubleshoot issues and escalate to management through appropriate channels when needed  Perform additional responsibilities as assigned to meet business needs What You’ll Bring  Valid driver’s license in the country in which you are applying, 2-year minimum driving record required with a clean driving history, and ability to be insured  Proven track record of a great work ethic  Demonstrated ability to be a team player  Ability to lift 50 - 60 pounds

The Role: We are looking to hire a talented CAD Technician on the Autopilot & Electronics Product Design team to generate 2D and 3D CAD models and cover the engineering change release process. You will be responsible for meeting with engineers and transforming design plans into computer generated models using CATIA V5 and V6. You may be required to work as part of a team or individually on a project. To ensure success as a CAD Technician, you should have extensive working experience with CAD software, a keen eye for detail, and the ability to work as part of a team. A first-class CAD Technician is technically driven, capable of creating exact models of building and machine designs according to the engineer’s specifications. Responsibilities: Meeting with Engineers and Designers to review design drawings. Inputting design specifications into CATIA  Creating CAD models using best practices to be easy to modify. Creating surface and solid CAD models according to designer specifications. Creating detailed 2D drawings for parts that you have designed. Working with a design team and individually on CAD projects. Reviewing CAD models with the engineers and making minor adjustments. Conducing final model rendering and delivering the final product. Own and track the engineering change release process from drawing freeze to change authoring to approval.  Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in Engineering or Design, or previous experience as a CAD Technician. Advanced knowledge of CATIA V5 and/or V6. Knowledge of ENOVIA.  Ability to read and translate technical drawings. Understand basics of mass production manufacturing processes. Understand GD&T and ability to make detailed 2D drawing. Ability to work as part of a team and individually on projects. A keen eye for detail. Excellent time management and multitasking skills. Strong communication skills.

What to Expect The Quality Engineering Technician will verify that incoming and in-process material meets Tesla specifications. He/She is responsible for the inspection of material, the coordination of MRB activities, including data input, reporting, and logistics associated with material dispositions. This person will also administer the calibration system ensuring that measuring and test equipment is within its calibration due date. The Quality Engineering Technician will work closely with Quality Engineering to provide reports and basic analysis to monitor and improve product quality. The successful candidate must have the ability to meet deadlines, have strong interpersonal and communication skills, be detail oriented, and have the ability to work independently. He/she must establish and maintain a professional working relationship with line supervisors, operators, and manufacturing engineering. What You’ll Do  Inspect material and coordinate containments.  Issue SCAR / SORT and create work instructions.  Generate daily shift Passdown.  Create JIRA and follow-up on certain engineering studies / trials.  Compile data from reports (such as CMM/audits), and share results clearly on suspect causes. What You’ll Bring  2+ years’ experience in a manufacturing environment.  Strong ability to learn quickly  Must be able to drive assignments to logical conclusion without constant supervision.  Previous mechanical inspection background with ability to use basic and precision measurement tools such calipers, micrometers, thread gauges etc. (preferred)  Ability to read and interpret basic mechanical drawings. (preferred)

What to Expect Role: Process Technician: Plasma Trim The Process Technician is tasked with understanding and improving processes to ensure manufacturing lines produce quality products safely and efficiently. This role will interact with many cross functional teams and will require flexibility to support Engineering, Quality, New Product Introduction (NPI) and additional organizations. A process tech is the go-to person to evaluate necessary changes to the line, support quick fixes and to improve line reliability. Monitor automated machinery and respond to equipment faults. Conduct periodic inspections of equipment and recommend preventive actions to improve uptime. Evaluate manual and robotic processes and make improvements to improve cycle times Support product, equipment and software updates while minimizing impact to production Lead problem-solving efforts among cross-functional teams to eliminate non-value add activities. Responsibilities: Support Engineering/Manufacturing teams in improving and writing manufacturing instructions, including rework procedures. Provide daily coverage of production line processes to ensure smooth and effective operations, including a rapid response to out-of-control processes to minimize cost and maximize productivity Investigate and implement countermeasures to improve product yield. Execute experiments and analyze data under the direction of process engineers. Lead special case disposition of non-conformance materials produced by the production line and escalate to the production engineering team as needed. Maintain and help develop up-to-date maintenance and calibration procedures and schedules. Trial new parts and process in conjunction with the new product engineering team. Perform Quality Audits to proactively identify potential issues working with the quality engineering organization. Support Lean Manufacturing and 5S initiatives with the support of the industrial engineering team. Manage workload with a flexible and positive attitude to proactively help co-workers and cross functional teams. What You’ll Do Support Engineering/Manufacturing teams in improving and writing manufacturing instructions, including rework procedures. Provide daily coverage of production line processes to ensure smooth and effective operations, including a rapid response to out-of-control processes to minimize cost and maximize productivity Investigate and implement countermeasures to improve product yield. Execute experiments and analyze data under the direction of process engineers. Lead special case disposition of non-conformance materials produced by the production line and escalate to the production engineering team as needed. Maintain and help develop up-to-date maintenance and calibration procedures and schedules. Trial new parts and process in conjunction with the new product engineering team. Perform Quality Audits to proactively identify potential issues working with the quality engineering organization. Support Lean Manufacturing and 5S initiatives with the support of the industrial engineering team. Manage workload with a flexible and positive attitude to proactively help co-workers and cross functional teams. What You’ll Bring Associate degree, technical certificate or equivalent experience in a manufacturing environment Strong proficiency in common workplace software (MS Word, Excel, Visio, Access, etc.) Proven ability to draw accurate conclusions from test data, malfunctions, or deviations, and assist with corrections to the existing process. Skilled with the use of a variety of hand and portable tools. Ability to read and interpret basic mechanical drawings and electrical schematics. Proven ability to handle multiple priorities with minimal direction contributing to a positive, team-oriented work environment. Demonstrates adherence to Environmental, Health & Safety regulations and standards and leads by example Strong organization and record-keeping skills with strong attention to detail.

THE ROLE The New Programs Engineering team works at the front end of the design and development cycle by studying, simulating, building, and proving successful Tesla’s future vehicle concepts. New Programs Engineers interact with cross-functional partners from the Design, Vehicle Engineering, and Powertrain Engineering groups to develop 3D designs, mules, prototypes, and demonstrators used for informing downstream engineering efforts. This is a product design engineering position where product design expertise and fundamental first principles approach to problem solving are far more important than extensive automotive industry specific experience. RESPONSIBILITIES Product Definition – Document product plan of record. Identify risks and key decisions. Gather data, feedback, and customer input to present to design, engineering, and leadership to facilitate key product decisions Own vehicle system level attributes in the first stage of product definition and present tradeoffs to leadership in conjunction with partner teams. Facilitate product decisions with deep dives into customer use cases, market research, cost, mass any any other pertinent data. Studio Engineering – Support designers, digital modelers, and clay modelers in defining manufacturing strategies and setting out criteria to output useable 3D surfaces that can be used to mass manufacture a vehicle. Track these geometrical solutions and drive them to feasibility for manufacturing and regulatory compliance. Concept Development – Brainstorm and collaborate with engineers, designers, and users in creating new solutions for automotive applications. Develop the designs using CAD and build your designs to prove them out and refine them over time REQUIREMENTS A Bachelor of Science Degree in Mechanical Engineering A minimum of 5 years of experience in a product development environment Hands on experience in narrowing product scope and facilitating cross functional decisions on complex products Familiarity with world automotive regulations, consumer ratings, and major load cases that guide road vehicle product constraints Demonstrated proficiency with Finite Element Analysis (FEA)  Understanding and proficiency of Geometrical Dimensioning and Tolerancing Capability to use 3D CAD software and an understanding of mechanical engineering fundamentals Effectively handle multiple priorities, organize workloads, and meet tight delivery timelines. Create schedules and report out to leadership how the early design decisions track to critical program level milestones.

What to Expect Tesla is seeking a skilled and highly motivated CNC Programmer/Machinist to provide engineering teams across the organization with prototype components.  Through your efforts, you will enhance design from conceptualization thru product validation, while shortening the design/build/test process. Join a fast paced and world class team that works on the most advanced battery, motor, gear box, suspension and energy products.  What You’ll Do Program and setup 3-axis CNC Mills (Haas) Work closely with engineering teams to provide crucial input on design for manufacturability Open communication with engineers, management, and other team members  Design fixtures and tooling to setup complex machining operations for experimental parts  What You’ll Bring 5+ years of multi axis programming  Understand of speeds and feeds, able to edit G & M code from CNC controller CAM programming with Solidworks/Mastercam preferred  Proficiency in high speed machining and tool path optimization Ability to program and machine complex and high tolerance components Experience cutting a wide range of materials Aluminum, Plastics, Titanium, Copper, Brass, SST, 303, 304, 316, 440, 416, 1018, Tool steel Passionate about prototyping and machining Thrive in a fast paced, constantly changing environment with tight deadlines Flexible with ability to work long hours when needed Positive energy and attitude Works well in a dynamic team environment with minimal supervision Meticulous attention to detail Excellent communication skills Well organized  Microsoft Office, Word, and Excel experience  Desired Skills Solidworks proficiency Mill-Turn experience Esprit programming Large format CNC machining Machine maintenance knowledge  Able to use manual machines such as mills, lathes, grinders

What to Expect Global mobility and the corresponding taxation bring multiple fast growing and evolving responsibilities for Tesla. The person that takes on this role will be engaged daily in developing processes, working personally with employees of all levels, and ensuring compliance across all jurisdictions. Specifically, they will be responsible for tracking and timely resolution of payroll tax jurisdictional inquiries/notices. They should be able to perform complex tax calculations and have a systematic understanding of how to execute them. The person should be capable at providing end to end resolution of employee tax and W-2 questions in a service ticketing environment. They will have direct responsibility for understanding and correcting system tax setup problems at the Federal, state, and local levels. Successful candidate must be self-motivated, detail-oriented, and ready to take ownership of critical projects. What You’ll Do Essential function and responsibilities  Responds to in person requests, tickets, telephone calls, and email requests for payroll tax inquiries related to global mobility  Documents, tracks, and monitors issues to ensure timely resolution  Communicates clear calculations, examples, and determinations of taxation for employees  Clear Knowledge of the regulations governing mobility and the associated taxation  Tracks and resolves payroll tax notices in a timely and accurate manner to avoid penalty and interest  Highly engaged in tax balancing, reporting, and accounting processes  Maintains close relationships with internal and external reporting partners  Explains payroll tax policies and procedures when necessary  Establish and maintain corporative working relationship with Payroll Team  Run Cognos BI Reports and understand how to interpret and make corrections from the results  Develops and documents procedures and processes to adapt to risk and the changing regulatory environment What You’ll Bring Qualifications and Experience  Minimum 2 year’s payroll tax experience required  Accounting degree or equivalent work experience in a related field required  Prior knowledge of global mobility best practices highly preferred  Knowledge of UltiPro payroll system preferred  Excellent Excel experience required  Exposure to a high volume and dynamic work environment required  Strong interpersonal, organizational, oral, and written communication skills required  Ability to work efficiently while independently with minimal supervision  Must maintain confidential information and professionalism to ensure privacy

What to Expect Manage a team of equipment maintenance technicians that are responsible for equipment availability, and performance. Perform preventative maintenance and repair on a variety of electro-mechanical, robotic, and pneumatic manufacturing equipment. Develop and maintain maintenance and calibration schedules for all tools, machinery and equipment used in the manufacturing facility. Perform supporting activities for engineering and manufacturing including 5S and Lean manufacturing activities, material handling improvements, production line configuration, and safety procedures. Manage workload with a positive attitude as a hands-on team player in a collaborative work environment. This person must be able to build upon previous successes and take our Maintenance teams to the next level. He/she must be capable of collaborating with cross-functional teams and department leaders to address concerns and issues that affect part quality, production efficiency, work cell ergonomics, equipment maintenance, etc. The successful candidate will also have exceptional interpersonal, organizational, and management skills, demonstrating the ability to be an innovator and change agent. The successful candidate needs to have demonstrable skills in the following areas:  Breakdown management & follow up action to prevent repeat occurrences  TPM / PM development and implementation  Equipment spare parts management  OEE % improvement  Training & development What You’ll Do Supervision of hourly maintenance technicians. This is a hands-on working supervisor role.  Manpower management: day to day line support; in-house equipment maintenance repair work; vacation scheduling; OT & weekend work scheduling.  Defining daily tasks and setting directions for the team  Interaction with Production and Engineering Groups  Interaction with customer departments and managers (Production Control, General Assembly, Paint)  Standard development and creation of procedure and methods  Project management: both internal maintenance projects, and minor contractor projects.  Procedures & PMs, develop & maintain proper documentation of: all necessary procedures; periodic maintenance tasks; equipment changes (electrical, spare parts upgrades, mechanical), etc.  Assist with budget development and reporting.  Maintain spare parts inventory. Identify and order needed parts, maintain tracking system.  Training and directing the training of junior maintenance associates What You’ll Bring the ideal candidate will have/be:  5+ years of experience in supervision and leadership  5+ years of extensive experience with trouble-shooting and correcting industrial equipment maintenance - breakdowns and failures.  Robotic and controls programming skills  Maintenance experience in a High-volume vehicle or manufacturing shop.  Proficient in using a CMMS database