What to Expect The Role: A manufacturing equipment engineer in the production engineering team will be a part of operating, sustaining, and improving some of the most automated manufacturing equipment in the world. The best candidate for the position has a high aptitude to learn new skillsets in the position. The expectation is that engineers will start with strengths in a given field (AUTOCAD, robotics, PLC Programming, vision, Python, HMI scripting, etc) and then learn all other areas from those who work with them. This role requires capability across the board to sustain all parts of the automated equipment. What You’ll Do Sustain 24 by 7 production operations through responding to and resolving breakdowns quickly and efficiently to minimize downtime Active leader of a cross functional TPM team while taking on improvement projects to assist in improving the factory.  Diagnoses equipment failures, finds root cause and improve Overall Equipment Effectiveness.  Lead equipment upgrades with a focus on serviceability, reliability and process capability.   Develop and improve equipment validation procedures including calibration and qualification Become Expert Level Trainer on all machines in assigned area and be responsible for the level of knowledge of Shift technicians.  Provide hands-on support to maintenance team to troubleshoot and resolve extended downtime situations. Takes initiative to create, implement and improve Preventative and Predictive Maintenance documents and schedules, under the direction of the Maintenance Planner Program ladder logic and structured text on multiple PLC controller platforms (Allen-Bradley, Siemens).  Program and teach industrial 6-axis robots (Fanuc) Sequence complex, multi-station machinery for material pick-and-place, dispense, fastening, welding and conveyance applications. Participate in spare part analysis and inventory development, cost reduction, improvement working with Spares Department to RMA faulty components and communicate needs to the vendor. What You’ll Bring Compulsory: Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical, Electrical, Industrial Engineering, Mechatronic, or a related field. Experience with PLC programming, troubleshooting and configuration.  Good overall computer skills with demonstrated ability in either Beckhoff or Siemens, programming languages. Experience commissioning and improving Equipment.  Have a demonstrated track record of Overall Equipment Effectiveness (OEE) improvement, Preventative and Predictive Maintenance activities. Robotics maintenance, troubleshooting, optimization & teaching 3+ years in a highly automated, high volume manufacturing facility  Preferred: Good understanding of Computerized Maintenance Management System (CMMS), Safety, Ergonomics, Change Point Management, Spare Parts Management Strong problem solving skills and an aptitude for learning systems quickly.  Able to utilize structured problem solving techniques such as DMAIC, Ishikawa, Five Why (5W) or Eight Disciplines (8D).  Able to resolve high level performance issues into addressable actions. Skilled with the use of a variety of hand and portable tools as well as general machining Able to read and interpret basic mechanical drawings and electrical schematics. Experience with 2D/ 3D modeling software Vision system development & qualification experience Experience developing and improving HMI’s Fanuc Robotics / Ignition Experience Previous production manufacturing experience  Soft Skills:  Exceptional capacity for managing simultaneous activities, competing priorities and challenges Strong ability to work and communicate effectively with team and peers within a manufacturing and engineering organization.  This includes excellent communication skills: written and verbal. Creative capacity for developing new ways to do things better, cheaper, faster in alignment with the Tesla approach to revolutionary product development Passion for making fantastic new products and using testing as a means to enable an engineering organization to achieve outstanding quality, reliability and excellence Willing to perform shift work (nights) and overtime as required Demonstrated ability to teach, mentor, develop others 
